Kayak is by far the best ap for finding anything, I love kayak!
Easy to navigate.  Great content and competitive pricing deals.  I use this app all the time for booking my travel.
Wonderful resource
Love this app!!!
Very useful
IN LOVE SAVED ME SO MUCH
Constantly crashes when looking at pictures or reviews of hotels. Please fix this bug!
Muy buena rápida eficiente y de confiar :)
Tried to book a room and had an "unknown error" occur. Booked again and it went through. Ended up getting charged double with absolutely no recourse. Called kayak support and they had only one reservation in their system and couldn't help me. Total nightmare.
Very easy to use...
p.s. Don't antagonize users for reviews.
Has everything I need to check flights and travel resources and in an easy to navigate format.  Fast, efficient, reliable. Love it.
Kayak was not up to date with info on the airport arrivals board, which showed 30 min arrival delay. Used to be real time.
Great app...  Very easy to use.
Loved the app

Just one suggestion
If you guys could add the flexible date pick options
Awesome. But at times slow but then again I can blame it on the service provider.👍
I use it when I am traveling to see rates on local hotels and to book last minute flights. It also finds the cheapest rental cars!
Just what I like about kayak's website.  Easy to navigate, quick and accurate data.  Definitely recommended.
Awesome app. Provides great competitive prices and even compared them for you!
Great for flight comparisons
Great and fast on booking rooms and flights.
Love this app! Changed the way I book my flights! Def change the way I fly!!!
Planning my dream trip through Europe
But one time I couldn't buy a ticket that appeared to be available.
My go to app for traveling!
Trying to get flights from Paris, France to Florence, Italy and it continues to come up with AA flights if $2,000 plus!  Obviously insists on the starting point being in the US where I reside!  Didn't take but two minutes to uninstall ;(
This is a very good app and easy to use. I use it all the time....best ever!!
I can not add flights in my trip using Iphone. I have to do by website. Others functions work very well.
I can not add flights in my trip using Iphone. I have to do by website. Others functions work very well.
I use this for all my travels!!!
The ui is very easy to use.
This app is glitchy, slow and faulty
Great for a short stay.  Are my stay in waffles and muffins.  Not fancy but clean.  Will probably use again.
I'm constantly checking Kayak for low price flights and flexible scheduling. I also like to see if the price of my flight went down to get refund credit.
What a great idea, so helpful for traveling far away.
Easy to use, must download for travelers.
Very helpful. Recommend this to anyone. Good job!
I love this app to get a quick idea of prices :-)
This app has made travel planning so much easier!!!
I just start using app It is user friendly to me. It gives me what I am looking for in planning trips.
It works for me, I like how convenient and easy it is to find flights!
I love the options
This version is refreshing to use. Finding a flight is a very fluid and eye popping experience. The only con I can see is the lack of choice for selecting the second leg of flights with multiple stops. All in all, this great for mobile.
This version is refreshing to use. Finding a flight is a very fluid and eye popping experience. The only con I can see is the lack of choice for selecting the second leg of flights with multiple stops. All in all, this great for mobile.
this app has become useless -SGF to CNX. you show none. (0). regardless of date. yet Expedia -Priceline -Travelocity all show a full list. of flights, u show. ZERO. ?   WHY?
I looooove this app!
This app works fine. Easy to use. And find great deals on airplanes tickets, car rentals, etc
Great app.  Quick and easy to use
Great app and great way to find airfare.
It's definitely a nice and easy layout
What's the point? Showing me what COULD be a good deal?
Great app always helps since I am a frequent flyer
Great app, almost the exact same as the website-- I love Kayak! :) 
Very easy to view, navigate, and book. Can't wait to use it when we travel!
Great app, almost the exact same as the website-- I love Kayak! :) 
Very easy to view, navigate, and book. Can't wait to use it when we travel!
Also: cannot set preferred currency or number of connections.
Aaaaa
Great app and site!
V helpful and resourceful app for frequent travelers.
Last minute hotel booking... Not fun. Kayak checking all the major hotel websites for you? Time and life saver.
Very nice and helpful app. Found flights to NYC at good price.
I am going to Tampa, Fl and I'm staying at a hotel and didn't know how to look for hotels. My friend told me about this app, I just downloaded it and I love it!! Very helpful👍👍👍
This is a very smile and convenient app. I recommend you get it.
Great way to start your search for fares
Perfect app for traveling and finding the best deals/ flights.
Great app for traveling!  Filters allow you to find the flight of your choice. Greatest thing since sliced bread!
Great user interface, easy to use and read information.
You guys Help me found the best deal thanks
Always great prices. Been using this site for 5 years
Very useful, and it always finds a good price for me. Whenever I get back from a deployment I'll know where to go to get a decent ticket to go back home. Thank you Kayak.
So nice and easy to use.
Best app for flights
Very helpful and easy to use. Can compare rates, info, and pics of different hotels to find the best one.
I'm planning a trip and this app has been key. Thanks Kayak :)
It help me a lot
Have only had it for 1 week, but have used it a bunch.  Have not been able to search for airfare and hotel packaged deals.  If it could, I would give it 5 stars
Every once and a while a big pops up, but they always get it fixed pretty quickly
Great app! I use it for all my traveling needs. Whether to check on a flight, find my gate (if it's not listed on my ticket), set reminders on things to pack, set notification on flights, etc. overall very happy with it!
So easy to choose options and run a quick query.  Can take a bit long and filtering is a bit difficult but overall a great mobile app.
The best travel app ever!!!!
Super cool!! Very useful and smart! Good job!!
I really like that this app gives you just about all of the same flexibility as their full site!
Love this app. It loads quickly has lots of options and is easy to use.
This feature is not available yet.
Very good app... Works well... Have not had any issues at all
Love it!!!
Best deals in a seamless app.
I use it very often👍
Love it!
Very annoying because it resets screens and filters, and doesn't allow you to copy information. I was trying to search flights. When I multi-task to type the information I need into a text app (because it won't copy/paste), almost everything's gone when I go back to Kayak.
Easy and very efficient
Easily search flights and hotels. Easier to sift through options online but app still works great!
Super easy smooth and quick. By far my top 5 apps. Maybe a few bugs but nothing bad.
Is the best app for traveling!!! 😀
Best travel app I have found...by far
I have not booked a flight yet but I will soon. So my rating is for ease of use. Some people who wrote reviews may not be aware what a monumental job it is to design search engines for such a huge databases as flight, hotel and other travel related information it is. Being a professional in the field of databases, I can tell you this is as good as it gets. So enjoy!
Kayak is THE best to find a hotel for you and anywhere and you can compare from other websites or apps and kayak will have the lowest price for the same room you're looking at
Awesome travel deals!
Simple. Can do everything the website can. Love it's simplicity.
Cool
Works great I like it.
Best app for trip
This app is awesome and very helpful when booking a flight or a hotel! Makes life easier!
Anytime I search flights all over the world, it gives me the best deals to choose from. Been using this site for the past 10yrs. 😃!!
Easy to book with kayak or any other site from this app..it really takes the stress out of booking(:
Best app for frequent travelers and hopeful travelers. Can set up alerts for price drops, can make trips flexible to get the best prices. I find this app very useful and efficient so I don't have to search the internet on multiple sites. This does that for you.
I use this all the time while traveling for business or pleasure. The app is very intuitively made, easy to use and reliable content
Very good App
Very good App
I use this app for all my travels. It hasn't failed me yet!!
App continues to not open. I used to love this app and its convenience, but now it serves me no purpose if it won't even open!
Like the apps :)
Hotels.com app booked my hotel in under five minutes! They give you the best price, and provide you with other competitors prices. Payment was easy and all on one screen. Definitely using in the future
:)
This is the best travel app I've seen by far.
A reliable app. Always works and finds the most reasonable deals. The only one I use now.
I wouldn't think of booking travel without a kayak search! Fabulous interface, comprehensive results, lovely customer service
Ease of use
Wish it had full functionality of website like searching by alliance.
5
....
-no 3 day before/3 day after search function like Orbitz.
-no way to tell if flights are non stop.
-no advanced search feature.
-no calendar view like ITA Matrix.
Best travel app out there to date.
Easy to use and comprehensive
Pretty easy to use and navigate. Just wish that kayak posted the dates of departures/arrivals on itineraries that have multiple overnight flights or cross multiple time zones.
So easy to use!
Perfect app for the job.
Very Good!!!!!
Really great easy to use app.  Easy to change dates to search for better prices.
I use Kayak.com very often, it is the best one for searching cheapest flight.
... Only just started using it but gives me exactly what I need so far
The app is way better than the website
So easy to use and very powerful tools
I find the prices on here to be lower in comparison to other apps or websites
Quick way to check flight etc on the fly
Quick way to check flight etc on the fly
Very reliable
Works perfectly on an iPhone 5s with iOS 7.0.4. Shows all flight times, layovers, and it's easy to find the cheapest price for your airfare. Before checkout it shows pricing on other travel sites. I fully recommend this.
This app keeps getting better for my purposes. It makes my travel more convenient and efficient.
When you choose the round trip option it makes it confusing and discombobulating to book a trip, it only gives you the one way option instead of the complete round trip view like on the website... I use kayak constantly on my computer but find it impossibly aggravating to use on my iPhone.
It's really awesome
I enjoy this app. A good way to get an idea what to except when planing a trip.
I loved the clever names for distance under the filters for hotels. "A stone's throw"=.1 mile "hop, skip & jump"=.2 mile  "easy walk"=1 mile "short drive"=6 miles "pretty far"=10 miles and "infinity"=any distance

A witty app is a good app.
And it isn't the user of this app. Deleted.
I think this is a very efficient app, just because it shows you all the prices and you are guaranteed that you will not find them at lower prices.
Easy to use. Frequently the lowest price posted is erroneous. When you click through to actually book a car or hotel the price can be significantly higher.
I'm in the military and don't have time to sit and spend hours looking this is great it gives me everything I need
Help checking the flights!
Incredibly helpful
Love the app. Extremely convenient for one that travels quite a bit.
Nivel app....
Love the selection
It is better than most of the other relatable apps I've used
Super handy for price comparison.  I use it a lot!
I love this app!  It's so easy to use!
This is the app I go to first for checking out hotels airfares cars etc. One thing I would love to see in the application is the ability to save hotels that I may be interested in without actually booking. Please add that function.
I love Using this app to find cheap tickets.
This app is great for tracking your travel plans and saving your trip information. I love the trip agenda view.
Really like this app, especially the Price Alert feature and the various ways you can filter on it.
Luv this app. Easy & convenient
I love searching for flights on this app. I have what I need at my fingertips!
I love searching for flights on this app. I have what I need at my fingertips!
Really a great app with best deals and offers for Travel...
Kayak is a good app. I get to check a multitude of hotels at once.
It keeps on returning search results for airports that I did not use one the search...
loads data quickly, easy to book, prices as good as you can find
I started looking for flights using the Kayak for iPad app which then directs me to book a fare on kayak.com or Orbitz. I couldn't purchase the fare Kayak found me on Orbitz.com inside the Kayak iPad app, I was sent in an endless loop after entering my credit card info 5 times. I finally went to Kayak.com, to my amazement, I found even lower fares using the exact same search criteria. These were "Hacker" fares that Kayak.com shows but Kayak for iPad does not show! Both your web site and your iPad app sent me to someone else's web site to actually book and purchase tickets, what gives? Gone are the days of calling a travel agent to book your flights, we've all been booking our own flights online or in a mobile app for years now, why is Kayak and Kayak.com SO COMPLICATED and the fares inconsistent? Fix it please, so I don't have to delete your iPad app, your Kayak.com web site is soooooooooooooooo slow! I'd rather use the Kayak app, but only if you show ALL fares, I feel cheated!
Works conveniently for researching flights or trips on-the-go.

It is a bit annoying when narrowing in on searches. For example when I narrowed flights by price, travel time, etc., the ball on the meter does not stay put. It fluctuates and thus my search is not as narrowed in! I recommend that kayak updates this with a + and - on either end so the target range is selected properly.
Always a go to, works very well.
This app made for the easiest hotel booking I have ever done.
Best in class with clear layout.
Unusable
I can USUALLY find a better deal here than with the actual hotels/airlines. If it's cheaper to go through the direct source, Kayak says so. This is great.
Very easy to use
Hasn't let me down. Quick and easy to find flights and compare prices. Wish they had a feature with different prices on different dates of the calendar
Great site
Useful quick app. What you'd expect
Where has the "swap cities" (the function with which you change one city with the other when looking for flights) button gone?
I like the variety of flights and hotels available each time I look something up.
Hands down the best app of its kind.
I click roundtrip but it will only let me book one way.
Love it! Most of the time, supplies me with the cheapest fares.
Very hard to use. Does not check Southwest and does not check multiple days!
I couldn't live without this app
Great incorporation of the new style in the iOS, amazing prices from an array of airlines, and very easy to use. Fast too!
This version is so much better than the previous ones - it might be the best KAYAK version yet.
app works great, just what I need for trip planning and pricing
The pictures in My Trips are nice but now the completed trips are kind lumped together with the current ones.  I like having access to the completed trips but it would be better if they had their own folder or section. The ads are annoying too
Needs more of the features that are available on the full site.
Delivers fast and easy results so you can make an informed decision!
Looking at last minute holiday plans is easy when booking with kayak
Great
Nice app very convenient and you can find tickets at very good price
Can't see part of results...total hotel costs, for example, are off screen. Previous version didn't have this issue. This used to be a great app!
I have been using this app for a year now. I have booked several vacations over the year. It's quick and easy. Best part is you have it all in one place. Finding deals is easy.
Love using kayak. It's easy and quick!
Nothing more to say. Kayak has it nailed down.
Kayak as a whole is great, but their app has some bugs that make the experience frustrating. Aside from vague details when looking at hotel rooms the form and booking page cuts off the right-side of the screen, hiding important information. After trying repeatedly to book a room I decided on using another service and app instead.
App is great. It is missing option to select "cheapest day" on multi city flight selection.
Very useful app , provide u with the lowest price for your travel and your stay .
Easy to use and informative
Great app very responsive hasn't crashed for me
I used for 1st time today. Worked perfectly & I found a hotel using it. Recommend
Love this app, so easy to use.
I love this app for business travel but with the new upgrade they've hidden the gate information. Kind of important when your running to make a connection. I'm switching to another app. Too bad.
Thanks kayak
best travel site app by FAR
I love how quickly and easily you can modify searches, add +/- 1 or 2 days, etc.
Couldn't live without it.
Quick, comprehensive - easy for flights and robust hotel info
It still doesn't update gate changes fast enough.  iPhone 4(S) and earlier users won't be able to see assigned gates in Flight Tracker when a flight plan has connecting flights or warnings.  Gate assignments are not shown in the details view of Flight Tracker!???
Do not upgrade, you will have to pay for the map of flight tracker
One and done, fast and easy. Who doesn't love kayak?!
Finds me rooms yo 👍
Love this app. Flying around at least once a month, most of the time more. Use it for all my bookings.
Very useful to find flights or hotels when traveling.
Superb for finding flights, filtering results and all sorts of stuff. The only thing missing is the ability to do + or -3 days.
Perfect for anyone who travels. Book flights, cars, and hotels all from your phone and compare the best rate.
Great
Unless you never leave your home, this is the app for savvy travelers! "Try it, you'll like it!"
Incredibly user friendly, fun, and addictive if you love to travel!
Great travel app
This app is so awesome and helpful. Thank you
Has all the features needed for a great travel app
I like the app. Just wish It had a way to compare the ones u like instead of having to keep going back and forth
The new ios7 mess strikes again!  Kayak was a wonderful, intuitive and easy app to use.  The latest update takes all that away.  Like most of the iOS 7 stuff, the new app looks like an architectural draft rather than a completed app.  It doesn't even work correctly with the button for the class of fare off screen except for a faint trace at the bottom of the screen.  Use this app if you are in a bind.  Otherwise, better to use the desktop interface on a computer.  iOS 7 ruins another, formerly great app!
Same great experience from the web on your smartphone.
I find this app indispensable for quickly checking prices on flights to plan trips. Large selection of hotels in most cities I've used it for. Definitely one of my most used apps!
...
Good app! Better than Priceline :0)
Very quick and easy to use. Displays results in seconds. Love it.
Great site, highly recommended.
Kayak App is a very good App that gives you the best option of hotel and flights reservation.
انصح فيه وبقوه
Good functionality. Fast.
Fast & comprehensive!
Love this app. It's always accurate. I like the auto fill feature for buying on the fly. Better than the web version with all the open windows. The app is simpler and more effective.
Looking for an airport hotel, but the default filter for distance is set as "city center", and wouldn't let me change to "an airport".
Very helpful!
Awesome app. Great UI
Very useful in finding flight and hotel options for an upcoming trip.
It really is the smartest way to look up hotels. Your crazy to not use this.
Love the hotel search
Great app but too unstable. It crashes a lot!!!
Convenient!
Use it
This app is so useful and helps you get the lowest price FAST. So good it makes the small angels in my beard sing in joyous exultation.
Good app!
Love it
I booked a hotel tonight for my Grandmother's funeral. I reviewed the dates on app and they represented what I needed. I booked, received the confirmation, and it is wrong. Needed room for 3 days from today, not tomorrow. Kayak passed the dates to priceline. I tried to change to the days that were needed with Priceline and the hotel, 250 dollar cancelation fee. All I wanted was to get rooms on the right date. Use hotels.com, or better yet, call the hotel directly. The agents on Priceline and at the Doubletree in Norwalk, CT were awful, and unfortunately, I believe this app contributed.
Don't know how anyone travels anywhere without this app! I love that I can put my friends and family members flights in the flight tracker too and at the tap of a finger see if I need to leave early or late to pick them up. You can forward trip or flight confirmation emails to the app and it automatically uploads them into a My Trips section where your confirmation number and details are right there at your finger tips. It even has simple packing lists that you can keep or edit if you travel often. You can look up flight costs, vehicle rental costs, etc. at any time day or night. 
This app makes traveling fun again!
Handy app
I love this app. You can enter specific travel plans and it will alert you of the lowest prices. I've been able to monitor 2 upcoming vacations.
Nice work - we use it all the time!
Ver 27 the flight history is gone.  Put it back!!
It gives you an amazing price then as soon as you click "book now" the price jumps up $60 or doubles. Not worth using at all
Give me gold in tapjoy!
Oh my, if you decide to use Kayak then pray you don't have to calm customer service.  The upside of their customer service is that their English is so bad they don't understand the words one says to express their frustration and the downside is that their English is so bad they can't understand anything you say.
From what I've read I feel blessed to have had no problems with this app. I have been using it a lot the past month and haven't experienced the issues other users have. This app is very intuitive, easy to use and I'd recommend it to anyone.
I have no idea why iOS 7 had such a catastrophic  effect on the previously sensational Kayak app, but the initial changeover nearly wrecked all of its functionality.  Fortunately some recent revisions have made it more stable and easier to read, and restored many of the filters though not all of them (for round trips, I still miss the ability to filter out return flights that land at a different airport than the starting point).  So it's coming back towards its previous usefulness, though it isn't there yet.  One wonders: Did all the old developers leave?
+1
Instead of searching numerous sites to find the best deals, Kayak does it for you. Definitely a must have.
Gutttt
I have been using kayak for years. I travel s lot and the 80% of my booking are made through this app or web site.
Gets the job done.
No issues for me. Used it twice and never crash. 98% of the time I get the lowest price.
Great App.
Maybe is my old OS on iphone4s but this app is very useful, it's very easy to get information from it quickly. Great temporary replacement when not I front of a PC or Mac.
This used to be a good app but now it's limited too specific airlines, doesn't search n compare most of the airlines.
Quick search results with good 2 go options
It works great, very good navigation
I find it dismaying that your travel correspondent is not traveling to, or offering video information about, any travel destinations where people of color live. What a terribly missed opportunity to neglect the rich cultures, cuisines and natural beauty of the Middle East, Africa, the Caribbean, South America, etc. Very interesting. The Eurocentricity has been noted. This application will be deleted.
Love to travel and Kayak makes it very easy to search hotels
Easy and fast search, better and faster than desktop version of website.
Whatever happened to support. App can't stay open for more than a couple of seconds. Has been this way for way too long. Don't even think about downloading. Total waste of time.
Yes, I am not sure why I see one negative review.
I have a fabulous experience using the app.
Its sensible and fast.
Use it, save time...
So far it has been good.
:-(
this is my favorite app to lookup flights.
I buy on airline web sites but always search kayak first.
This version is only good with iOS7.  Of course, I didn't notice that until AFTER it was already updated in my iTunes App section.  I am not operating on iOS7...so this App is now useless to me...THANKS A LOT!  If you would kindly offer the previous version which works with iOS6 for those of us not yet on iOS7, I would kindly reciprocate with a better review.  Until then, ADIOS KAYAK!!!
Best mobile app for booking flights
Need them back then you have a fantastic app!
Very good prices and easy to book.
grate place to get a ticket and disappear. Good prices and lots of options.
👍🇺🇸
Forcing iOS7 only weeks after it's release? HAHAHA!

I'm not installing a buggy OS that I can barely read just to continue to run this app.  I guess you don't need my company's purchases.

*DELETED* (after using since ver. 5)
The best flight locator world wide!
Very convenient app. I use this app on a weekly basis to compare flights for my monthly trip to Atlanta.
Yes!! Extremely fast and helpful.
I mainly needed it for the price change notifications for flights. These were always inaccurate and did not help at all.
I've become reliant on Kayak for iPhone for all my travel needs. It works well; it's  easy to use; and a great range of flights, hotels and car rentals.
I've not bought any tickets yet but search works grate. Buying tickets tonight.
This is the first place I look before booking any air or car.
Just got a 5s and this updated app doesn't work. Can select destination, but always gives blank results when you click search. Please fix!
Use it all the time
Saved Feature is gone??!!
The best
Wonderful all in one travel site! Thanks! Sheridon
The saved search feature was the best now it's gone. Please put back and it's a 5 star app...
Don't release an update unless you test it!  It keeps remembering the last flight I tried to find and will not look for the new flight and there is no way to clear it. Also crashes when u click on the filter button.
Revised after new fix from sept 26th: now the filters aren't crashing it but it is still remembering the last search when I searched a multi-leg flight so I can t search for anything new. Still massively messed up.
When changing city pairs for flight search, search results don't reflect this change. Ex: Firsr searched Chicago to Cancun and looked at results. Went back to search page and updated cities to search for flights from Chicago to Miami. But Search results on the next page still show results for Chicago to Cancun. This app is unusable in its current state!
Before the update the hotels would show how far away they were from the city you were looking in. The font is too big and doesn't display that pertinent information anymore. Please fix, and it's a 5 star app.
Takes forever the search. the result is confusing and inaccurate.
Every time I try to filter search results - the app crashes - very frustrating!!!!
This new version is useless unless you only want one way tickets.
Using iOS 7 pro version crashes immediately. I would write a review on the pro site but it crashes before I can do it!
The kayak pro app updated today crashes seconds after opening.  Cannot locate in apple apps so I had to post this in the regular kayak app.  I book flights often and used to use this app.  Now I am forced to go elsewhere.
No support for older OS = bad support
Was using this everyday and loved it. Then I updated to ios7 and app won't stop crashing. Unusable. Please fix!!!!!!!!
I purchased the pro version of Kayak, this app does not work it constantly crashes.  Please fix this app!
Only crashes. It was working fine before this latest update.
App crashes as soon as it is opened in iOS 7.
Crashes immediately ....
Clearly presents your options for flights, hotel, etc and includes taxes in the rates.
Since iOS 7, the app crashes when trying to open the Filters. 

Was awesome, now... Not so much.
I search for round trip flights and I can only see the first leg of flights then it asks me to book the flight before I can see the return part of the flight

Also I cannot modify my search now, from example I can't cancel the 2-stop flights from showing up

Please fix this , otherwise I will sadly delete why was once a great applicatikn
...
Taping filters causes app to crash
I just deleted and re-downloaded this app in iOS7, and the filters are working again. Thanks Kayak :) this is my favorite search engine, so having full capability back is delightful.
This is one of my 5 star apps. Every time I attempt to apply the filters, it crashes.  Also I hate the fact that the "History Search" option is missing. Please fix and update ASAP.
Great app, but the latest version crashes when you try to use filters. I am reluctantly headed for the Expedia app right now! Why are you making me do this?
I love Kayak but it's useless me to since the last update -- crashes every time I hit the filter icon.
I used to love this app, this new version crashes every time you try to filter your airfare search results. Also I really like the way it saved your searches for airfare so you could quickly run through your list of searches, now that feature is gone. If it doesn't come back I'll be using a different app for my travel searches.
I've used kayak several times to research & purchase flights. I've had great luck every time & it truly is the best pricing at one site. I've compared to every other discount & airline site. Wonderful!
Awesome app. Very convenient.
Having same issue as other reviewers - app crashes in iOS 7 when you try to apply filters. Please fix!
This used to be my go-to app for fare searches, but after the latest update, the app crashes every time I try to apply filter to my search results.
Can't view search by brands anymore! Before you could filter the inpendent hotels and big chains.
Crashing when tapping filters button
Good app overall (until this one). Version. 27.0 has a repeatable bug that is too obvious and important to allow a SW to be released:each time you tap on the filter icon (bottom right) the app closes.
So it renders this app unusable, too bad.
Accurate and lowest prices..
Every time I select a filter, the app crashes. Fix!!!
Great search tool
Crashes when you click the filter icon in ios 7.  Disappointing.
The new iOS 7 app crashes whenever I hit the filter button. The app was solidly working before my iOS and app updates.
I haven't used the app for anything but flights, but I like it. Like the filters.
The update transferred my old filters and now crashes every time I try to undo them.
Very clean app- intuitive user interface. Information is relevant and displays quickly. Nice to have a search engine for the major travel websites!
When I try to filter flights, the app crashes every time. Not impressed
When I apply filters to flight results, it crashes every time.
This app seems to be stuck on searching flights from my last itinerary. Just won't search for requested routes.
Used to be 5 stars...
The app refresh for iOS7 looks nice, but the app continually crashes when I try to apply filters to my search results. Disappointing. I hope that a fix is in the works. There are too many other options available to endure crashes.
The app refresh for iOS7 looks nice, but the app continually crashes when I try to apply filters to my search results. Disappointing. I hope that a fix is in the works. There are too many other options available to endure crashes.
The app refresh for iOS7 looks nice, but the app continually crashes when I try to apply filters to my search results. Disappointing. I hope that a fix is in the works. There are too many other options available to endure crashes.
ممتاز
The app used to have filters and price alerts capability but since the latest update it doesn't or crashes. What's that about. Please fix as soon as possible.

Even the option for kayak app support doesn't work in the app store, tells me my email address is not valid when it actually is!😠
Doesn't work after update. No results get returned. Just a blank screen.
New version crashes when you select filters.
Great consolidator for flights and hotels to give you a summary of your options.
Easy to use, checks multiple sites.
It crashes when you use the filter,
Good app but it needs to include the distance. This app would be 5 stars if the DISTANCE was present when looking for a hotel from a certain area.
I love the new layout but the app keeps on crashing when I try to filter the flight results. Please fix this and I'll update my review. Thanks.
Always use this for everything. Super simple and easy to use.
This app was great but now is crashing when applying the filters. Please fix it!
I travel almost weekly for work and use lots of travel apps. I used Kayak after not using it for a while. I usually use Hipmunk. Kayak is now chuck full of ads that are intermingled with search results making it frustrating and cumbersome to quickly look through results. I deleted it and will stick with Hipmunk. This is an app focused on suckering you into unwanted options rather than just giving you what you want and need. Very poor design.
Works for flights but had to give 4 because hotel search has been tougher
Excellent app for your phone and your life!
Beautiful
Great App, but no dragons found...very misleading.  Back to Never-Ending Story!
Good job, y'all! I'm glad to see some of my favorite apps have made strides to jive with iOS 7. Also awesome - TPS Reports on the packing list. 👍
Using this returns no flights and the filter settings look like they are binary 0 and 1.  Could I be the only iPhone/iPad user with this problem?
Easy to use.
Great app
Allows me to keep track of always changing prices, the chart is amazing, I would recommend this app to anyone trying to get a ticket, don't buy the first time though, set an alert and monitor. On my case best price was 5 days before the flight 50% difference.
Overall, very functional app. Was very useful with my trip to Austin, TX both finding the flight as well as getting a car rental.
I'm please with the performance of the app.. It seems to do what is states..
Easy to compare prices and everything (hotels, flights, rental cars) is in one place
One of the best travel apps.
Easy to use and very thorough
This is a great app! It is very simple And easy to use and the results come back very fast!
So helpful and easy to use.
Just amazing
Swift and Super useful..!
Keeps me from getting ripped off by rewards programs.
I advise everyone to download this app. Great for cheap flights!
Excellent
Always checking to see when I can go to Hawaii... This makes it so much eAsier!!
Kayak feels like it's got my best interests in mind rather than being marketing tool for airlines and hotels. Great for finding and tracking travel plans.
Best travel app by far
Great overall. If only there's an option for using google maps instead of Apple maps when booking hotels
This is my favorite travel app and the only one I need on my phone.
Very useful, comprehensive travel app
Very easy to use. Works great.
Great app!!!! Works perfectly
It is user friendly and a great app. It has a lot of great features.
This app is so easy to use. It's my go to for planning trips.
I love this app, as well as your website. Use it all the time, but would appreciate a go to anywhere option added into the search functions. Most of us have a set budget and number of days allocable holiday time. Would like to compare cost by destination in deciding where to go.
😍🎉
Slow to give updated info.
This is the best flight app I have downloaded.
Helpful and easy. One of the best apps around.
I like this app because of the speed in giving me quotes. It saves me a lot of time. But I have noticed that there were flights that was cheaper than the ones listed. So I usually check my KAYAK first to compare.
Fast and all ready, just 1 click away
So easy & best prices!
I never go anywhere without my Kayak app! Excellent pricing, great experiences.
Great app
Great app great prices and wonderful to speak with! I use them for all international flights!! Highly recommend kayak!
Loveeeeee it! Great options! Very detailed and easy to use!
I have been using their website for a long time, now having the app make it
much easier.
Find all the flights & prices simply & easily!
Perfect I use it all the time
An amazing app. Lightening fast and very friendly.
At first, I tried to update the app through the App Store. Kept getting the message that the update was no longer available for purchase. So, then I deleted the Kayak app and re-downloaded it. That went fine. But now, the app opens for 1 second, then closes. At least I won't need to worry about the update notification in the App Store. Please fix.
Crashes upon open after recent version.
App won't remain open, crashes after going to menu screen
Was a great app but the 9/9/2013 update causes it to crash on my iPad. Fix please.
Can't open app after updating today. Crashes. Fix please
Good game
New update to fix?
Latest version crashes instantly upon opening.
better pull this latest update. App crashes during launch on iPhone5. Deleted app and reinstalled but didn't help.
After updating the app it quit working
After most recent update, app will close upon opening rendering it unusable. Please fix.
Latest version keeps crashing! Can't use at all. Even tried to uninstall and reinstall. No luck. Please fix ASAP!!
This new update keeps crashing the app! Fix fix fix.
Keeps Crashing when I open it!
9/9/2013 update:

Crash and burn!   

Won't even open!
Unable to use, crashes every time I open it. Tried reinstalling, rebooting phone. No go.
Nice job on the update.

Crashes as soon as I 'attempt' to open it.

IPad 2 
iOS 5.1.1
Update doesn't work with iPhone 5
Crashes after splash screen every time on my iPad 4. Looks like there was just a new update, so hopefully that's what it is. I'll change my rating after its fixed.
App crashes on launch after recent update; even with delete and reinstall. Ipad 4; IOS 6.
Restart and still crashes.
Tried to open the flights four times in a row and keeps crashing with my iPhone 4. Boooooooo.
Great app. I just updated the app on the sep 9th update and for some reason every time I open it it closes on its own. Please fix. Thanks!
App constantly crashes after update
It makes things easier.
Great app
Very simple. Love it.
Been using this a lot to plan out my upcoming vacation! Only suggestion would be to please add a vacation button like on your full website so we can look at prices for both hotel and flights together, thanks alot
Handy for searching flights, but I haven't used the 'checkout' feature yet.
Just doesn't include flights for Southwest Airlines.
Makes things a lot easier to compare prices quickly!!
Best, full featured travel app
Kayak is consistently the best site for flights. Have used for years n now the app is easy n accurate.
Filtering capabilities are awesome.
This app was help and fast !
Great app
I have gotten many cheap deals here. I love the price alerts
Love the app more then website
Love it
Muy bueno . Nunca tenemos tiempo de  buscar en todas las aéreo líneas pero con kayac sin problemas obtenemos los precios q buscamos ' i love kayac
Easy to use
Easy to use and the first travel app I use.
Its awesome! Comparison shopping with filters!!! What's better than!!! It's the only app I use when shopping for flights
Allows you to do multi-city flights, set fare trackers...all in one place. Even tells you what site had the cheapest flight in case you want to buy it direct. Simply awesome!
Never look anywhere else best prices
Great mobile version of the website. Easy to book using just the app.
Love the app, it is very user friendly!!
Very well laid out. Easy to use.
Easy to use and navigate
Great
Love is app!
love daily push notifications on changes to flight prices. makes traveling easier. its gets four stars because there are some features on the full site that the app doesn't have but still a must have for the constant traveller.
Can get all the information I need in one place.
All app developers should study what Kayak has done
The app functions fine, but the individualized pricing practices are dubious.
very useful
Very easy to use. I love how it keeps a record of recent searches. I've only used it to book and track flights so far, and I've heard that fares go up upon repeated visits to some sites. This is completely anonymous until you book so fares are always 'fare'. Very well constructed app. Very fast. Even on slow networks. Kudos you guys.
My favorite app for looking up flight options. Very helpful when stuck in an airport and needing to change plans. Works fast for me.
Great n useful
This app is perfect for knowing flights and the cost! It makes life easier.
The app is very good. Unfortunately I couldn't find a way of looking for flights from Europe to Cuba. Which is professionally bad. Come on guys, not everyone is American and flights to Cuba do exist!!!
I am rating in terms of arrival time in my country. I usually gets home around 11 am which is not bad at all. But in tes of food drinks departure time delays is nuts
Great app!
Great app for traveling.
Muy buena para buscar diferentes cosas que necesitas
Best !!!
It's ok
It's flexible and easy to use. Highly recommended.
Good app
Kayak would be great if they offered more flight options. United and American Airlines are not the only two airlines in the country.
100% effective...
Great app
Makes booking the flights & hotels really easy! Assures getting the best deals are quick & easy
:-)
Great App
Covers all travel needs.
This app can compare price, check flight status, buy tickets and lots of amazing function.
Great app
Good app
I've been jumping through multiple apps to find the best ticket prices for flights , and kayak gives me the best price every time . That says it all .
I travel often internationally and domestically.  Kayak gives me the best fares available. I really like how many options there are so I can tailor my inquiry for my exact specifications.
The app.  Is a great gauge on what to expect and look for in trips!
very useful.
I enjoy using the Kayak app for quick flight/hotel bookings on the go. It was designed with simplicity in mind and was easy to use.
Provide a fast and informative details of hotels.👍👍👍
This a great and useful app
ااااااا
Very easy to use. Best prices.
I have been comparing the apps on my iPhone and this seems to be the best one for finding hotels. It has the total right there when you look up the hotel. It's the cheapest I've seen. I like this app very much. Easy to use.
So you guys can add how many seats available on first query and also compare 3 days  + airport compare with price
This app is really helpful! I use it all the time.
Very useful and good help when you need to travel
Makes it sooooo easy to compare prices for flights. Great interface!
Программа хорошая. Интуитивна.
The app does SO much, but what I love the most is the multi-city option. That's not easy to find for mobile users.
Works smooth and easy every time.
Cancelled bookings because (Vaya) doesn't handle non US routes?  Hotel rates rarely available.
Great to check times and prices of airfares. Haven't actually tried to book a flight through the app yet...
It's a pretty good app but I found cheaper air fare on other sites so I don't know if it will always be my first choice.
Goood
The only travel app or site I use
I used this app only once to book a flight and all worked well. The biggest benefit has been the ability to look up and flights need from my future travel plans.
Best site to find flights
It's a great app
Love this app, especially the notification feature where you are able to set a price target. The app will send you a notification when prices reach that level.
Good app so far.
Great app! No complaints
Great so far. Easy app to use. I think the guy who said it was useless just doesn't know how to use a mobile app. I had no problem
Fantastic app!!!
The title says it all!
No way to specify non-economy class when searching flights
Great way to break it out.
I always use it when traveling! Awesome
Best prices and options every time. Very user friendly. <3
Super clean and extremely useful.
Pude reservar todo con total tranquilidad
In this age of needing info so quickly, this is an absolutely great app!
Flights.
The interface is easy to navigate and the app works great. Very pleased to have Kayak on my phone, and even happier it is such a smooth user experience.
accuracy, easy to use, . the best traveling app ever))
You what,you can check the delay flights easily. Even for this reason this app stole my heart.
Bro I would die w/o it
This app makes planning a trip easy!
I always shop for and buy my flights with this easy to use app. It's excellent!
Great app!! Searches are quick an easy.
Very easy to use...It has  Excellent tools for traveling!
Good App
It's awesome. Nuff said.
I never write reviews, but I feel like I have to on this one. I've tried 100 times to search for flights, and nothing ever comes up! I am trying to find a flight for November, so it isn't like I'm pushing the limits or anything. Never finds any flights for me! Doesn't even try! What garbage
Great app
Has saved me lots of money and time dealing less with Travle agents
Fantastic working
This is an excellent and the hotel feature helps you find a room for the night when traveling.  I would recommend this to anyone!
This became my sole search engine for flights surprisingly
Very nice app I love it
Five Stars! I Love this App! If your like my husband and I and enjoy being spontaneous and going on a trip last minute, then you will REALLY love Kayak! ;-)
Great interface and intuitive. Kayak is the best airfare search tool on the iPhone.
It saves my last search. I wish it could save multiple results.
Awesome!
Not a bad app for checking flight prices, but as I was trying to make a hotel reservation, the price they showed on the search results wasn't the price I got when trying to make a reservation. It was about $60/night more.
Great app
So far Kayak has been the easiest travel app to use. I've easily researched my trip & got a great deal on a hotel. I'll let you know if I have to change my review once I book my trip but so far so good!
Loses some functionality of the web but easy, convenient and fairly comprehensive in terms of options.
Perfect app
Love the app, it really is kayak
Good app
Real great. Love search options and all other features. Far superior to other apps of same purpose. Only thing I would like to see is price alerts for specific filters, not just dates.
Was afraid if it's mobile version of the website, but it's actually a real app with cool UI. Much better than surfing the web!!!
Fast download and found what I needed fast!
This app makes searching and booking flights and hotels incredibly efficient, is easy to use and flight tracker is helpful too!
Best and most available hotel rates and dates on the web!
Price alert setting could be more detailed, but overall great app
If it also had cheapest fares from southwest that would be perfect. Otherwise awesome
I love the price trend and buzz along with their flight prices.
Diks
Good to use for price comparison
great app
Real easy to use, relevant and a time saver
Works well.
Love this app so easy to search travel options!
I enjoy this app!  It is very helpful/informative.
My favorite travel cost comparison site. Keep up the good work!
Yygyuygugyg
Has saved me money already
Easiest and most comprehensive by far to find the cheapest flights, cruise fares,  car rentals, etc. as compared to Travelocity, Expedia, etc.
The only one I use :)
It's good
The website shows more flights and hotels for some reason
Can't say enough... I love this app.
Nice app have had no issues with any function of this little hand held trip genie...
Most excellent piece of software.
I always get 0 matches when the other site (Priceline, Expedia, etc..) give me several matches
As a traveler and a travel day dreamer, this app couldn't be better. I absolutely love it.
Love this app. No more using my laptop to search for the best deal. Easy to use and streamlined.
It's really easy to use. Easily change filters and sort it the way you want it. A must get app if you're traveling around.
Very useful! What can one do without it?
Very useful
Missing total duration filter
You cannot find any other application that is so useful and easy-to-use!!!
Perfect for on the go, great way to save money
I've been using this app for quite a while and I love it. 
I travel a lot and is a great asset for my needs.
Kayak is great application that offers a wide variety of resources needed for traveling! The app is quick and user friendly!
Love the app!  Easy to use!
Easy to use interface and really helpful to find cheap flights!
Must have for travelers...
Like it
Great App, easy to use, functions the way it's supposed to.
Convenient and user friendly! Makes trip searches easy and quick from my iphone! Love it!
Love how easy it is to use and how it integrates all aspects of flying, hotel, car rental. Perfect app!
Understandable and I found record breaking prices I just couldn't pass up.
A must app for ppl who like easy and quick on hand travel prices
Works very very well. I miss the flex month option, please add it. Also, why only +- 2 days instead of three like the website?
When you're looking for a hotel, it asks you to type in a city or landmark ...well, the landmark doesn't work so you're forced to type in the city and then you'll have to try to figure out which hotels are near your destination 😑
Use Kayak all the time for work and personal travel - love having it mobile!!
Best app ever for finding the lowest fares on flights!!!
Good site, easy to use, but not easy to read reviews on hotels.
Perfect for travelers on a budget.
A
Super helpful!
K
Must have app
Very helpful. The alerts on deals is such a great idea when trying to enjoy a vacation on a budget !!! Very fast and promising
It is a great app
Great flight info easy booking
Hello
Say your booking did not work, you redo it and then find out they double charge you.
Pretty much takes care of you if need to rent a car or other travel related things.
This is a great apps I love it
Simple to use
This app was a lifesaver when my car was in the shop. And I almost always book my air travel through kayak
I've enjoyed using this app! Definitely makes things easier!
Nice app helps a lot
100% recommended!
Easy and great traveling
This is the best app ever!!  So easy to use, and there is no need to search other sites. 😄😃😃😊😊🌟🌟🌟🌟✨
Loce this app, got the cheapest tickets ever 😍😍
When I was desperately looking for air tickets for my five family members it was through Kayak app I was able to get reasonable and considerable fare.
Sempre uso ele para fazer uma pesquisa de preços de passagens
Very helpful
The best rate calendar is the best!
Itssss fooooool offff guuud
This app is very quick, easy to use and helpful.
Comprehensive search
I would be lost with out the great help.
Great way to keep track of prices!
Very easy to use
Love it! I hope they add an option to separate children from adults
Just started using Kayak & already the best travel app I've used.
Great app. Waiting for the update
Good
Easy, helpful and simple to use
LOVE love love this app! So user friendly and easy!
Doesn't work when you proceed to booking screen. Mobile Kayak site is also terrible. Do the people who actually make these apps actually ever try them out first? Useless.
This app is making life easier.
Soooo helpful and easy to use! You can save a lot of money!
Really simple easy to use and serves the purpose !
Great
App crashed during a flight booking. When I managed to reopen it, the price had been jacked up $200
I love this app. It helps me search easily for flights even when I'm just price comparing.
Love this app.
I rarely write reviews for apps (if ever) but this app is extraordinary. It has an aesthetic layout and all of the information one would need when traveling. Definitely worthwhile to download.
Great overall app. Filters need to be a bit more intuitive.
Highly recommend!
Easy to use. I would recommend it
Easy to use and relevant information is at your fingertips.
Hands down the best. Use Kayak to see whats out there. Then go to specific airline website. VERY USER FRIENDLY!!! KAYYYYYYYAKKK!!!!
Super easy to use, very intuitive, and it works anywhere!
This the 1st app I go to when looking for motels or air flights!  Great app!  Thanks, Kayak, for helping me save money but at good quality!
Ci
good
Booked hotel accommodations for the first time today via Kayak and the platform is just so user friendly!  I was able to arrange my hotel stay at a 5-star luxury resort in Downtown Palm Springs for less than $90 p/night. Great competitive pricing - BARGAIN, I would say!! :-)
Awesome app!
This has been an awesome app for tracking flights and finding the best deals possible.  Love It!
Great service!!
Would be 5 stars for me if you could also filter by plane type.
Easy to use
Its very nice i think
Works flawlessly. Love it
When booking rooms, I want to be able to specify the number and type of beds, not rely on selecting "2 adults" to get me what I want. As such, I have to use the website and the app is worthless.
Best app for travel, especially if price comparison is important
This is a great app!
Very useful app
Perfect app always gets me what I want and has never failed me yet.
Easy to use and easy to share results with friends
Very easy to use, get this app if you're a traveler..
Found great flights
I found this app to be the best one if you look for air fair then go back to the main menu it automatically looks up hotels for the dates and location that you check for flights.
Very useful app
It's not perfect but they're always improving. Overall, an excellent app. I wouldn't search for flights any other way!
Very good place to check and buy your tickets on line simple and accurate
Buen lunar para buscar y comprar tus voletos de avion o un buen hotel
Very easy to navigate.
Love the layout and ease of searching for and booking flights
It's a good app because you can found good prince for travel very quickly!
Great
Love it. Use it all the time
Good
Brinda variedad de opciones para escoger la opción óptima de vuelo. Aplicación simple e intuitiva.
Great app. I use this app frequently.
I've used this app a lot of times in a lot of situations, and it used to rule.  I once used it while stuck on a remote section of the Alaska highway in the Yukon, while traveling by bicycle, with the road washed out on both sides, to switch a flight departure from Anchorage to Prince Rupert.  Didn't matter that my satellited-in Internet was slower than the local glaciers; I waited, it worked.  Ironically, I now live in an area just outside of the sf Bay Area where service is sketchy.  Sometimes I get LTE, often HSPA+, usually just EDGE, sometimes nought.  Since the orbitz buyout and redesign, timeouts have been shortened so instead of waiting and having the app work albeit slowly, it says the flight may have expired and just quits on me.  If this were 13 months ago, I'd have missed my return flight, the best layover and weekend of my life, and possibly my engagement which happened two days later!  Gotta give credit to the old kayak that was slownet-friendly, and disparage the new assumed-fast-connectivity app a little.  It's like designers these days are unwilling to push the limits of where existing tech can be used, and instead design for future tech that leaves the interesting, laudable fringe cases by the wayside.  Stranded, if you will.  In the Yukon.
Great app
Excellent
Works exactly as I want it to.
I use this app for all my business travel
The best
I use it all the time!! It's very easy to navigate.
Very easy to use and convenient....quick updates about flight changes and gate changes. I travel often and love this app!
Works great
Easy and convenient love it !
Awesome
Everythings is okay but for the booking of Hotels when i select my Currency it will be changed in 2'nd step ..

Thanks
YASSER
!!
Very good and easy to use
Missing functionality of the website. Primarily it won't search prices for nearby airports and won't search for flights with flexible dates (+/- 3 days). It also doesn't provide the price trend. Not going to waste my time doing multiple searches with the app when the website does so much more all with a single search.
Buenísimo lo recomiendo
Great service
Easy to use and great features, like emailing or messaging the flight to someone else :)
Has everything I need to plan my trips and vacations. I love that its easy to use and it's a reliable app - always fast and never crashes
Love it
Very useful app.... Love it.
Loved it! Very functional as its easy to use and modern clean design.
And fast
Does everything I need it to, only wish for would be to save multiple searches.
Very easy to use and provide all the information I need to make a booking.
Great app!
Buenísima y muy practica !!!
Gets the job done. No frills. Doesn't crash.  Nice work.
Great tool; one and done, indeed.
Easy n convenient for regular  travelers.
Jaswndar Dograa
easy to use
it is strange when kayak ignored tehran, a city which has 12 million population and capital of iran,because of what? sanction?i delete kayak For Ever.
Why are one-way flight prices doubled when you try to order a ticket?  I might understand if it was round trip.  Do they drop you out of the plane halfway to your destination?
Easy to use and up to date
Very useful app!!
Like!
Good
App does exactly what it says it will do
Helpful
Me encanta. Se consigue de todo a buen precio
I don't care for this app but hey I get money in my other app
It is very easy to use. You can get a very good deal with Kayak.
It's very helpful and I'm 10😇
Great app that helps you quick & easy
Nice
Have used this app for years and it almost always gives me the best price options.
Very effective and dynamical
I love how it shows all the different prices from cheapest to expensive. I highly recommend this app, much cheaper than anywhere else!
It doesn't work 👎👎
I think this might be only my second app review-my first positive one. I have a few apps on my phone for flights for Frugal flyer, cheapo air and such.  They seem to focus on different aspects of travel shopping by comparing different agencies/websites to buy the flight, comparing the different flights themselves, etc. So different ones can be useful for different reasons depending on what type of search you are doing (best place to buy, best flight regardless of where you buy, etc.) and what you're looking for. I found kayak focuses mostly on the flight aspect of the search, grouping flight results by price, times-or whatever you choose for  it to group them by. It is simple to get good results and the convenient options were easy to use. You can search plus or minus your travel date if you're flexible, search nearby airports, etc. My biggest suggestion and one of the few that I can come up with is when searching nearby airports, it would be nice to be able to search nearby airports but also maintain that the same airport you can both fly in to and return to that same airport. I suppose like a closed loop flight in a sense. That way I can look at prices for leaving out of nearby airports without thinking "okay, how am I going to get back to my car when I fly home into a different airport?" While that may be a cheaper route to go for the flight, it costs extra for the shuttle and is inconvenient so maybe an option to allow "flying home into a different airport" in your search results would be nice. Otherwise it's a great app that surprised me. I hear they also have a pro version which would be neat to check out, too. God bless and happy searching! :)
Useful
What a refreshing feeling that there IS an app that will collect ALL THE INFO to travel at one place. B4 the app I spent HOURS searching. Thanks Kayak!!
Conveni
It's an indispensable travel tool
Great
Simple it was easy and helpful, a lot better than the Priceline app
Easy to use and find flights! A++
Love this app
Actually does what it's meant to!
Nice app but you have to jump to other sites to book. Bit of a pain.
Best travel app
Not really
THIS APP IS GOOD
KAYAK is the first place I check for flights and hotels!! Even the website doesn't have Flight Tracker like the app does!!
It's easy to use and makes hotel searching easy. Also does have the lowest prices when I checked the other sites for hotels. LOVE IT AND DON'T CHANGE!!
Includes many useful tools for traveling. Air ticket search may miss several discount airlines.
I check it at least twice a week!! And more than likely always buy my tickets straight from my phone!!
Very good apps easy to use.
Love it for what it's supposed to do.
I see the deals and a one stop shop but the app is limited to it capability. I wish it could do what the online program does. But still very helpful compared to other apps.
I love this app:-) I may upgrade it to the purchased version as it has been so useful for me !!!
If you are going to have just one travel app, this is a good one to have.  Very easy to use and produces quick results.  Highly recommended.
Easy to use and puts the world at my fingertips
This app is great, so easy to use and very well designated.
Very easy to navigate. Excellent choices. I will definetly use Kayak again.
I've used the Kayak app for several reservations and am quite pleased with it. Window views are not always ideal once you get to the reservation part of the process, but that seems to be an interface issue between Kayak and the many companies they deal with. If those pages were adapted to fit the frame, I would be happier.
Great app!!!!!
The My Trips and Flight Tracker features are great!
Easy to use and just as many results as the website.
I have no complaints, it is so easy to use, convenient and if you have good 3G. Then it's much better than an ok Internet connection
Awesome..and really reasonable price rate
Very useful!
If you search the same destination more than once, the prices they give you for flights start going up!
Uko
Smart, easy UI. Nice price alerts function. Flexible, fast searching.
Kayak displays the major hotels and motels, same with airlines. Nice way to search everything at once.  App is easy to use and navigation is fairly easy.
I love this app. It's my go-to for booking flights everywhere, especially Asia. 

Only complaint is they don't check JejuAir for flights. Sometimes JejuAir is cheaper.
Easy & convenient!
Easy to use. Love it
Definitely makes booking everything a lot easier.
Love it!!!
Outstanding. So practical and easy to navigate.
Great app
Brings ordered information to your fingertips.
Excelente
Easy to use
Like it!!
Love the application. Everything is so easy to look for. Only thong that needs is more pictures of the amenities
Very easy to use and navigate.
So far so good. It would be great if it could dig up some discounted flights.
✈✈The Best ✈✈
Hand down for this killing App!!  Make no mistake!
I'm in the military and travel a lot. This app is very convenient and easy to use. I don't normal write reviews, but I've used this app so many times I believe it truly rates a great score. Easily finds cheap flights, the perfect hotel and everything else I ask of it.
Great!! Easy to use :)
It adapts to your needs and gives you the cheapest price according to your necessities. It even compares prices with other travel sites and Is actually truthful about it because I've seen once or twice a cheaper rate at another website through kayak.
Well designed. All the information in one app
This app is fast, easy to use, and it seriously finds you the best prices on everything!!
Very handy app.
Love it!
Very practical and easy to use
Excellent, easy to use!
Love this app.  Very helpful.
Great app, nice and simple
It's the only way I buy airline tickets.
Live it!
Very functional.  Love this app.
Easy to navigate.
Very convenient
Great app, clean and smart
I found this to be very well organized app that works well for planning trips.
Useful app, filter works ok, suitable date choice, user friendly console
Easy and fun app to use. Saves me a lot of time.
The best comparison site for travel!
Far too many results to be useful. Need more ability to filter so results can be reviewed on a small screen.
Love kayak's app! Whether I am booking something or just exploring prices and options I always start with a search on Kayak to get the landscape of prices and options. Thanks for the very functional app
I use it for booking purposes and storing trips! Tripit has deteriorated in quality, so I am happy to have this!
Great app, keep up the good work.
Prices are so flippin cheap. So easy to use. AND it never glitches! Best app ever!
Does the job right and simple to use
Works well. It's the first place I go to find a flight. No crashes, no problems.
Simple and easy to use.
All the travel information you need in one convenient place! Very user friendly.
I think it's the best travel site ever!!!
Lol
Great app! Love it
Very convenient
Well designed
Really Handy..even track live route on map..add rental car once you book flight like Priceline
I can't do a flight search. Whenever it reaches 25% of results it throws me out of the app. Please update!
easy to use
I love this app. I travel often and use this app all the time. Convenient. Easy to use. Practical.
Very user friendly app.
Great interface nice extras I like it!
Easy to use!!
Super friendly user
Easy all the way!!!
This app has everything I wanted from an app to discover hotels and plane flights. I highly recommend this app.
Easy to use interface and easy to navigate
Easy to use!
Is really helpful not a waste of time
Love Kayak. Easy to use. Great results!
Great search engine and great notification tool. Solid travel app
Love this ap for the on the go traveler.
Highly efficient and concise. Smartly built.
Great app !
I really like this app!
I always check kayak before making any travel arrangements. We travel a lot and use kayak.
It works! It's accurate! No bugs.
Great app. Very easy to use!
Love this app. Very helpful when planning a trip.
I love Kayak, but I can't search pet friendly hotels!
After tried several travel apps, kayak is by far the most complete and with the best UI
Love all the filters and sort features! One stop shopping!!!
Cada vez que lo uso ,me parece mas simple de usar
Good results!
Epic game don't ever buy a monkey
Easy to use and works quickly. Love it!
Good app and easy to use
Capability to search multiple airports and flights in one search based on your location. Great!! No problems with this app, which is hard to come by!
Gets the job done!
Very handy and convenient. Highly recommended.
Haven't booked a hotel using this APP, but from what I see, I Like It!  Thanks for this one.
Travel frequently for business and pleasure. This tool is impressive and priceless. Thumbs up!
They have the cheapest flights I can find
Love it
I loved this app very much, but now it crashes all the time. Please fix. Thank you
This has saved me money on trips.
Use it all the time
Very easy to use and find information
I have been using this app for a while now, such a great app...Search one and done! seriously this is how it works :) Highly recommend it :)yeayyyyyyy
User friendly and simple.
User friendly and fast results!
Use this app a lot! Love it!
My friends are amazed at how fast I can find them flights. And with the update, the interface is nicer than ever. Love it!
I start here and generally do not need to go elsewhere. !!
Awesome app
This is a very practical way to search for the beat flights and prices!! Amazing app
Great app for iPhone to search for flights!
Sike, I only got it cause of JunoWallet cx
Word
It keeps freezing!! Please fix.
Easy to use as well as very comforting to access
I hate using this than searching and finding better deals elsewhere
They really did they're job with this app.
Everything you need. *round of applause*
I did it for the money in sas zombie assault but it became helpful!
The alerts feature really comes in handy.
Travel often due to long distance relationship and needed a way to compare cheapest flights. Ideal.
Kayak app is easy to use and you get better deals from kayak .
I love this app always give me best price and I can see best timing, airplane and airliner options
Gave me super cheap tickets!! Awesome site.. Love the price grid!
Crashes after every search!!
I use this app for all my travel. Quick easy. Reliable. I do recommend.
Has always worked. Very reliable
Great tool for finding best prices on airfare/hotel. Price alert particularly awesome.
I am doing most of my trips using Kayak
It is nice and easy to use
Good tells you what you're looking for
Great comparisons
I love it cause its so easy to use and functional.
Cool app
Enjoying the customisable notifications. The app itself is beautifully designed and always helps find great deals! Also love the multiple currency support.
Great
since the recent update any time i search for flights the app crashes
Constantly crashing lately on my updated iPhone 4s. When it works its a great app.
I booked a hotel from Kayak in Vienna star appartment Spengergasse. It is a dangerous place. Do not go there.  We could have been killed. All my money, passport was stollen. Don't ever go there.
Very user friendly!  Great ap!
I don't want to login to do a flight search.
Awesome app. Simple. Easy to use.
why don't you know this app?. this app is very usefull!
I'm just looking for prices on hotel rooms in different areas and this is the only app worth my time.
I love this app
I love this app! It has a packing list and hotels and flights and everything! BUT. In the older version you could turn your device (iphone ipod ipad etc.) so it was landscape mode, and a flight tracking screen would show up. It would show you the gates and times etc. it was so cool! But the new version doesnt have that.
.
Quick and easy, simple to use interface.
Is not work in Iraq
I love Kayak because it has the best deals. For reals, it does.
Great
I have been searching for affordable ticket pricing for months. This app got me the best price. Love it
Brings good and multiple collections of airlines
Great
fast and easy
Good to check prices on the go. Not as comprehensive as the website but great app to have.
Good app
It makes it so much easier looking for tickets on the move
Easy and good rates compared to other booking sites.
Since I've downloaded this app, I've save some great money
Excellent so far!
Only one negative. Sometimes the rates aren't valid. With that said, it happens so infrequent I continue to use the site and the app for my quick booking needs.
So convenient
Seems great
I love kayak and I love this app! It does everything from search to filter to reserve.
Very awesome
Very simple and easy to use! No crashing so far so i'm happy with that. Looking forward to really using it when needed
Was able to review and compare plenty of thoroughly detailed and informative descriptions, making the final selection a confident one.
This app is by far the best app of its kind... 3 thumbs up..
Mobile Kayak is my go-to site. Great flight searching.
The app runs smooth and always finds the best rate for me. Great!!
Yep it works. No bugs I've found so far
This app is my preferred app for vacation planning.
Very useful and convenient. Highly recommend.
Easy to use!
Why did they take away the freedom to edit the home page???? Astonishing. That's one among many poor changes. They should hire a UX designer
Esta app es de las mejores a la hora de buscar el pasaje mas económico.
Very fast, efficient and reliable. I've been using this site for years with great results.
 I love it!
I would most definitely recommend it to anyone!
Pod way to find tickets
Very easy to use, love this app
Simple and all in one app
You can usually find cheaper flights on the app than using their website version.
Easy to use.
I use Kayak all the time on the road as I travel with no schedule and explore frequently.  While I'm up to sleeping in the car, so far Kayak has found a good place to stay every time.  I wouldn't travel without Kayak
Works well as advertised.
sometimes its doent update
Love this app!!
That's all. Just a great app.
Very user friendly and functional, and I like that you can set up price alerts from the app.
Great
Thus is one of the best travel apps I have ever used.
Your computer uses cookies to track your searches and raise prices. This finds good deals.
Easy to navigate.
Great app!! Saved time and effort!
Quick and easy access to cheap flights!
This app is the bees knees! I would only to add additional carriers like Aigle Azure and the small one of that size .
Thx
Nice flight search
Glad I get to keep an eye on flight pricing etc remotely!!!  This app is awesome
They pulled their ads from the show "All American Muslim" because there "weren't enough terrorists" on the show? Really? I hope this company goes bankrupt really soon.
Good 
But i hope support more currency ?!!!!
Fast
Simple, easy, and complete.
Love this app! Easy to see flight options and the associated price, number of layovers, travel time, etc
I use it for all my travels...
Helpful and easy to use. Love it!
.
App is as good as the website, if not better!
Very user friendly!!  My new go-to app for flights.
This app will give you many good deals and then redirect you to purchase. I try to purchase using the Orbitz option through this app, but you will not be able to because the purchase button is covered by other buttons in the app. This renders the app completely useless.
I use Kayak for all my trips. It's very easy to use.
Fast and simple. find all the lowest rates in one search! I love it! =D
So easy. Great comparisons. Fast! Love Kayak!
I find this app simple and very easy to use. I have it set to send me push alerts when cheap prices become available for flights to Seattle, which is very handy.
Luxurious
Thanks for a great app for frequent travelers
So easy to use.
Very useful.
Very efficient
Gives me exactly what I'm looking for.
Very helpful
Good app!
The app is awesome. I have been searching for the past hour and I got more than I had hoped for.
Good
Easy and convenient.
Love this!  Makes looking for flights super easy!
Great results! Thanks!
Well designed and easy to use.
Love this app
Easy to use.
This app is VERY helpful!
Easy to use and efficient. When I first downloaded it, I compared rates online and they consistently gave the same rates. Give or take maybe 10 bucks. I highly recommend for when you ate trying to find a good deal. You can keep checking until the price goes down. Very convenient.
And the incorporated flight tracking tools are really cool
It works.
I searching for make a trip. I can see a good price and easy to filter what you are looking for. Great app
Super way to check out prices across many providers.
I've been using the Kayak app for at least a year now and i have NEVER been disappointed.  I just got a new phone and it was the first app that I downloaded.  It is absolutely awesome!
Works great.
Very accurate & fast
Have information about varies locations
Intuitive interface, very easy to use.  I like that it gives you multiple booking site options rather than forcing you to use Kayak's site.
I use it all the time to plan my travel and I would recommend it to EVERYONE!!!
Easy to use!
This app is wonderful. It has saved me a tremendous amount of money on all my flights and cars.
I have 4 diferent and Kayak is the best.
the best software
Excellent!!!
If I take time to review, wether it's terrible or really good. This one is good ;)
Traveling is so much easier!
Great app
Renting a car and love the option to add third-party insurance as alternative to at-the-counter rental agency policy. Nicely done.
This is a great app, also compared it to other websites one of the best !😃
Not always the most user friendly interface, but a great App anyway!!
I totally recommend this app it help me find a car rental store net my house and cheap:)
Best flight site hands down, easier to use then then actual airline site with accurate detailed information.
It's great app, I like it so much.
This App is very easy to use! It makes it easy to compare prices carriers and dates. A wonderful app to use if you are planning a trip on a budget.
Sometimes it crashes but over all it's good. I like how there are always new features and improvements coming out.
Logical. Thorough. Fast. Love it.
Was working great. Crashes after last update.
A must have for travelers.
Looking to plan Euro trip for my college graduation and this app has helped a lot.
It's easy, fast and you get the best deals!
Best app to compare prices before traveling. Everyone should have this app!!!
This app delivers everything you need for a traveler on the go! I travel a lot and often at the last minute. Rarely do I find cheaper flights or hotels with other websites or apps. I mostly use it internationally and within the South Pacific.
Overall a great app and good last minute deals
A good app have been using for few days it really find some cheap flights
Easy 2 use
Great site!
Its nice to idea
Used kayak for all my travel needs. Works.
Always the best deals
Great app, works really great, have had no problems at all. Finds great deals!!
Smooth app but please please include days (along with dates) on your calendar!!
!
It's a good app in general but it's missing many filters including type of travelers. It just lets you choose the number but not whether they are kids and if they are in a separate seat or on your lap etc
very good
Effective, Help-ful & Easy-to-use
Easy to use
!!
Must have to find traveling stuff
The feature that allows one to find fares to anywhere in the world using certain filters (desired travel months etc.) will find a teaser fare then disappear one click later.  The actual fares are nowhere close to what is displayed.  This is a HUGE bug and needs to be repaired.  It makes one wonder how many other programming mistakes are in this software.
A must-have
Awesome app
Love planning my travels with kayak.
Great app!
Like this APP so far! Seems easy to use and I haven't had any problems with crashing as of yet.
All around
Aquí busco todos mis viajes
This is an amazing app, it's super handy finding flights at any location at any time. This won't let you down!
App crashes on iPad 4 with every hotel search, tried deleting and reinstalling.

Needs immediate remediation.
App won't even open. Keep crashing as of 6/4 on iPhone 5. Reinstalled and restarted phone also. Garbage, don't get.
To get the quick idea on flight costs and being able to see multiple airlines and trips using multiple airlines, kayak does an amazing job. With the exceptions of jet blue and southwest , which you have to visit separately for rates, kayak delivers the best prices and layovers. Always use them to book or at least always start here.
非常好
Love Kayak, and the app is great!
Cool!
This app was the best , i highly suggest this app to anybody looking to get away ! KYACK rules!!😁
User friendly, fast, simple!
Amazing!
Slick and easy to use
I always use kayak for airfare search and flight status check.
Awesome
My most used travel app.
It really does find the lowest prices in traveling:)
Nice and easy to use
Only wish it showed flight trends.
Kayak is all you need for booking anything for your future trip!  Sometimes cheaper on the app than website!
Never disappointed, always accurate with the most current information. Great to check prices and availability. I recommend it to anybody else who does a lot travel.
Easy to use, quick, good results
Fast and good for use. I like it
The filter functions are clumsy and stupid. The distance slider starts at .03 miles, and then goes to 13 miles - if you can get it to stop there!
Love this app. many options to help but still so easy to use!
I LOVE THIS APP WORK GOOD BEST WAY TO GET CHEAP TICKETS
This is a great app for you if you wanna check flight prices and hotels from your phone.
Really helpful and great sort and filter tools
I can always rely on Kayak providing the best and lowest cost search results. It's so quick and easy to use, I can go through the booking process on my cellphone.
Missed my flight I'm mad
G
Great app for easy trip planning and cheap flights!
Easy to use. Had it on my previous phone. Seems like there used to be a way to save flights to review later. Miss that. Otherwise it's a great app!
Awesome application!!!!!!
I use to use it solely for keeping track of my itinerary while on travel, but I have found that it is much much more. I recently booked my flights and my hotel using the app and I am very happy with the features it offers. I am able to lock in flights that I otherwise could not lock in with the airlines 3rd party site. No matter how many times I searched the flight...Kayak did not inflate the cost like other websites do. I will use them again!
Very nice app. I use it all the time. Very easy and convenient.
Kayak is the best way to travel. I will only go through kayak to book any reservation and traveling.
Three little words...One Stop Shop!
Perfect app
Fast/easy
This is better than trip it as I've used that before with many issues. Kayak is streamless and causes me so much less headache as I travel 12 days out of the month on average.
Easy to Use and fantastic interface
Well designed. Can save searches.  Doesn't crash. Would like more filters (for hotels, do they have a pool or serve breakfast, etc.).
I've used Kayak for all my trips, just checking flight prices and hotel prices and location. It is so easy to use. This app is great!
Bonne continuation
Love this app when I'm on the go and need to make plans or check feasibility of a trip.. Very easy to use and the filters work great as well
Love this App! Use it all the time for flight info.
Nice and easy
The app is great it's fast shows two different prices which is great because one might be less than the other over great app.
Good app! Saved me 100's of $. Very easy to use
Great
My mans Dad only has maybe a few days if that to live and we needed something fast and at a good price. We looked at 15 other sites and after much frustration I found this app for my phone. Amazing deals Way better then any other site! Thank you kayak!!!!
Easy cheesy, very simple to use, a no brainier..
Accurate, fast, and simple.
Search of flights takes forever, results are cryptic, layover airports labeled only w cryptic 3 letter abbreviations. Even after looking at the flight details still have no idea which city my layover is in. How about listing the city next to each airport designation? Eg LAX, Los Angeles. Or BUR, Burbank CA.) other similar issues. Could've been done better.
Love it!
Great app
Нужная вещь для путешествий - все и сразу в одном приложении
Essential to every trip that I have booked for over 5 years.  I use it for its ease and comprehensive search tools. I send friends and relatives to website all the time. I can't live without it.
Awesome app for travel. Easily identify flights and hotels on the go.
A lot of functionality and easy to use. They are more timely than the airlines and airports on delays!  Good info without making you jump through a lot of hoops.
This app does nothing to help me. I can call the airport and have them give me better ticket prices then I can find them on here. I don't see any reason for anyone to use this app if they say they can get the best deals out there and they never have the best deal. I will never use this app again.
Very easy, very simple, all you need!
Only app I use
I don't know what it doesn't have that I could want from a app.  It's been great.
Fast & simple
Great app, easy to use with great filters! Everything on one place...
The kayak mobile app is extremely easy to use and so helpful! Quick access to hotel information, reviews and more.
Good!
Excelent, very helpful!
Awesome tool for travel bookings
Good prices and deals are only the starting points for the Kayak APP.  What I like the most is its ability to put the entire trip in the calendar including flights, car rentals , hotels etc and alert you thru SMS. Alerts also on flight delays , gate changes etc.  A must have for frequent travelers.
One stop shop for planning all travel details. I use it weekly.
I like
Simple interface and fast searching. If only the non-major airlines would join Kayak (Frontier, Alaskan, Jetblue and Southwest), life would be complete.
nice
I always use Kayak when I book anything.  I have never been disappointed.   Keep up the great work!
Very Good!!
Very helpful
I was a first time user, surprised at the ease and valuable text messages, reminders, alerts, etc.
Good For The Phone
Great!
This is so useful!!!
I love it , I'm doing to write this review to till that's the best website ever
I love this app, great prices and quick sort for flight choices!
Easy to navigate, all the information is available at a glance!
This app gave he a huge saving when planning a trip, I don't know what I would do without Kayak
Easiest way to plan for a trip!
This is definitely the best go-to app for travel. Multiple sorting options and filters allow you to easily choose your priorities.
I use this app several times a week. Shows flight times and routing that Delta completely misses. Very useful!
Easy breezy
Very useful app, specially for travelers. Recommend 100%
I'll give it 5 stars as soon as the monthly price checker is added to the app. Otherwise great!!!
This is an amazing app for any traveler.
Makes life a lot easier when trying to book on the go for cheap!
Love finding flights quickly with this app!!
So easy. And the alerts are great for keeping track of ticket price changes.
Great for quick results and love that it shows comp rates with first results. Awesome!
Great app
kept crashing every other time during search results.
This is the only travel app I use! It's super easy to navigate and I love that prices for flights are listed as round trip prices and not inbound vs outbound. Awesome app!
Great app
This app is very easy for me to look up and purchase flights and/or hotels on my mobile device
Love everything about it!
Excellent
I downloaded this app. Used it to book a hotel room, less than 24hrs later my CC info had been stolen and used to make online purchases. I do not recommend this app! Major security issues!
Best website out there for airline tickets. Consistently beats other sites!!!!
Very functional, multi city searches et al
It doesn't get much better. Easy to use, quick, all my travel needs in one place.
Used kayak to search for years.  Love the app.  Fast and intuitive.
I have been searching for flights from Abe to Portland then Bozeman back to Abe. Results come in ok but are never accurate. When I try to book with united the cost is always $100 more per ticket and the flights are never the same. Don't waste your time on this app or this company. UPDATE: kayak is still returning false results for flights- on 5/19 kayak returned a result for Allentown to Portland and Bozeman to Allentown in August for 628 but when going thru to delta to book it timed out then I went to delta web site and the same flight is over $800. Kayak is useless at best and misleading and wasteful at worst. Don't waste your time!
Super features
Shows you flights and prices that are great but when you try to book always get a "flights just sold out" on any and ALL of the options you try. VERY DISAPPOINTING.
It does what exactly what you need it to do. I've had no problems with it since the download.
Use this app all the time to check prices of flights.
This is a great app for the iPhone
Great app: simple, clear and clean
Definitely see better prices with this app.
Awesome to make smart travel decisions
easy to use
Easy to maneuver; can freeze up in the middle of search after multiple (over 10) searched back to back.
A must have!
The app is easy to use.
Thank you for making life easier. This App is highly recommended.
Very good
FAST, EASY and CONVENIENT.  Tried it for hotel price comparison.  Easy to use.  Quickly see all the prices offered by every broker available for each hotel.  Fast loading map to see hotel properties.
It's gives many choices
Completely useless!!! Flight prices shown in the alert features are not available or nowhere to find not even on the website of the mentioned air line!!!
It is great app and I would recent it for anybody
Loved that I didn't have to go online and search everyday. A travel agent could have done that for me but I like to be in control. Wish the selection to book from app was easier. Had to enter all flight info again on airline website. I went to airline from computer instead. But this app kept me informed. Def must for travelers.
Kayak is the most useful travel tool yet created.
Awesome
Easy to use
Fast and easy but difficult to interpret
Has the most in depth info compared to all the travel search apps. I have all of them and kayak has the best info, although it does not give a "buy" or "do not buy" advice on the mobile version.
Nice app
Very helpful!
Able to get prices and compare
Easy to use.
Great!
Great app must have if u like to travel
Best travel app
I use this app all the time to check for the best prices on flights
Allows me to look for flights and vary the airport or days in one search.
Great app...please find me cheap flight to visit my family in Morocco.
One stop shopping!
Awesome
Very impressed ...
Great app. Kayak is an awesome site and the app is super easy to use- great service!
In the past 6 months, all flights  I have tried to purchase (totaling 3) with the Kayak-Vayama partnership have not been successful. Other flights purchased, such as through Kayak-Travelocity, have been fine. The wait between notifications is ridiculous just to see whether or not my purchase is successful. How does Vayama not know what flights are available and for what prices?? Shouldn't they be required to verify this before posting on Kayak? It's a waist of time, especially as I watch to make sure my credit card is credited back the money. Disappointed in Kayak.
Works just fine and really easy to use. Just what apps are supposed to be.
👏👏👏👏
I trust kayak and always book flights through them! I never find better deals through other sites.
Simple to use!
Easy to use! In one word... Awesome!:)
Awesome
Been using it for a while now , finally writing a review. Past few years i've always used Kayak app and never had problems!!! RECOMMENDED !!!
My trips feature is great. It imported my trips perfectly.
I'm sure it works great if you only ever look in one city per trip but if you try to look up multiple cities along your route it DOES NOT work.

I do not recommend this app!
Very useful, quick and easy to use.
Amazing customization and alerts for price drops
Very simple, well built app.
Awesome app! Very easy to use. So much quicker than the website.
They just have the best price!
Great app but don't like the fact that the prices are higher simply because I am using an apple product!It is true and i verified it. So use a PC so you don't get charged more.
Great interface and fantastic variety. Recommend!
However, prices do not always match when you get to the final web page.
Really! Ditto all the positive comments.
What more can I say
I love kayak! Easy to use to plant escape!
Very well developed. Excellent
I am SO glad I found this app right before I went on all my business trips this year! Now I can have all my flight & hotel Information at hand & in one place! And the airport directory with maps is great! I won't have to walk around an airport anymore to find the perfect place to eat while I wait to board the next flight! Thank Goodness for Kayak! :) <3
Not much else to say; this is the best travel app out there.
Use kayak
I like the fact you can check multiple airlines at same time and you can get alerts about fare drops or raises.
A very well developed app. Easy to use and very helpful in finding hotels, flights and car rentals
Best travel app, but may not be the best deal. Ideal if you don't need bottom line prices since the app is so easy to use that it's quickest just to purchase through it.
One of the easiest to get info from
This app is simple and amazing. I just became obsessed with checking for better rates on flights... this is easy to use, multi city the whole 9, plus you can put a price watch on the ones you like. must have.
Easy to use and can search in for all facets of a trip
Love itttt !!!
I've used this app for planning many trips so far and it's saved me a LOT of money and headaches. Definitely worth the download even if just to look at prices (it shows the best deal whether they have it or not)
Sometimes I  get a better deal here than buying it with the airline carrier.
Great app. Convenient. Thanks!
I love the my trips function and especially the ability to email various reservations (whether or not made through kayak) and have them appear seamlessly.
Very good
Good
Excelente APP
Very good
Quick and easy to book everything on here. Finished booking and searching for a flight in about 4 minutes
Awesome app. Highly recommend.
Awesome! All what we need to make both the trip and stay easier! Well done guys.
Easy to use!
Very effective and useful app. Easy to navigate, search and book flights.
No TJ points... BS scam. Delete!
Perfect app, just need to add cruises on it!
Very complete and it has many ways to sort through searches. Does not crash and it remembers your recent searches
App kicks out alternate dates for air travel. No Kayak, I don't want to travel on Tuesday.  I said Wednesday.  The site works fine. App is lousy. Worthless download.
Easy and very useful.
Please bring back iOS 4.3.3 support!
Love the site! Use it all the time.
Gave great information and pictures to help us pick hotels for our extended travel.
Fast, clean & easy Ui
Love it
Simple and fairly useful. Obviously if you want to do a lot of research, you will need to go further than this app allows. My only complaint is that they don't have lempiras in their current converter!
And I loved the website!!
Great
I really like this app.  The price alert notifications helped me save tons on my airfare. I would like to see the ability o manually add items to My Trips as well as add attachments to the notes section in my trip.
Very efficient app. Easy to use, all flight options at your fingertips
I only used the app for half an hour but already found hotels at 1/3 of the price as the other travel sites at one of the busiest and most expensive travel times of the year. So far very helpful...
Since I need to know things as I'm on the move, this is perfect. I can do everything on my phone and I love it. This is great for my lifestyle.
Relative to other travel / booking apps this one does all: car , hotel, flights.  I find it hard to understand why other well known travel COs are so behind in this regard.  Good job Kayak.
Love this APP!
This is a fabulous application. Being able to email your trip details to your Kayak portfolio is an unprecedented feature. I even emailed my rental car reservation made completely outside Kayak, and - boom - there it is! Two thumbs way up!!! Get this app!
I always find the cheapest flights here and there are time options!
Love this app! Super helpful and user friendly!
It's ok.
Great
Got me a good rate at a great hotel. I love it.
Very easy to read, navigate, and use. Displays consistently competitive prices and fares. I'm keeping this one.
Easy to use and it works great! Pretty much like the website.
This is the best app I have used and it truly helped get around and find what I want.
Great app extremely helpful
Great app I love the updates it sends when the tickets drop in price. Very easy to use.
a
Easy to use and straight to the point with great deals !
Excellent app to search for best fares. Like the ability to find hotels even in Moscow!
Coming from someone who is traveling all the time, I have found the kayak app to be extremely helpful and informative!
So useful, straightforward, time and money saving!  Makes travel planning from my phone completely practical.
Great searching, great options, easy to use... Exactly what I was looking for!
The app is great, very thorough searches. The ads are non-intrusive and functionality is great!
Works well
Very good apps, great information. Needed App for travel.
Nice and easy to use, helps find the lowest prices
Love it!!!!
Very helpful for what I needed
The app does not allow up front to select a senior but catches it later after all information is entered. Then, unfortunately it blanks out information when it assists you to fix and you have to enter it all over again. Then you find out the data has to be refreshed and lose information again. Then it tells you the flight is no longer available.
Great app, easy to access and never fails. Best website ever, it gives me the best value for everything. With these prices it feels like I can travel at least once a month :D
So much detail, very fast... Incredible!
Great Travel site!
Not bad & Much Better than some others! Still could use a Lil work.
The app is great for looking up flights on the go
Best for travel
.
Honestly this is an amazing app! Except for when it changes when I'm not on it for awhile, I wish the screen would stay as is so I wouldn't have to click back through flights.
Great app! Very useful and user friendly!!
Very very very helpful and cheapest tickets around
.
Good, very helpful
Perfect application you can track your flight status and save money on this one.
Nuff Said.
I love this app! The flexible dates have saved me 200 dollars just by changing my flight date. The app covers all my travel needs!
Extremely impressive user interface and some fantastic functionalities that I had no idea the app had until I dug a little deeper.
Great options and notifications.
Allow you to search flexible dates !
Very easy to use and fully functional on mobile platform
Better than anyone , awesome services.
Great app for travel planning
:)
Had to relocate to Japan for a new job and kayak helped me to find the best ticket price -- hands down.
This is a great app that makes it pretty easy to plan and make trips. Which for me is very helpful since I've been traveling a lot lately.
I start all my travel planning with kayak and this app is so user friendly and visually appealing. 5 star app all the way.
Better than others
Awesome for buying flights!
Should have list of activities around hotels.
This is a great application, but it started to crash every time we go to the world map.  Have already removed and reinstalled the app and it still crashes.  Please fix this soon.    Once that Is fixed, I would say this is 5star app
Good work!
This is the easiest travel app I have ever used. It's much easier to find what I need when planning a trip than going to a myriad of different sites. I really like how it includes applicable taxes and fees with the hotel's room rate.
beautiful. Fast. Reliable.
Idealna aplikacja dla podroznych!
Wszystko w jednym miejscu.
Please fix it!!!
I use this app all the time. Kayak is a great site and searching for flights is just so much easier with this app.
Perfect for anyone who travels a lot, always finds best prices in town.
Looooove this app.
Similar to website, can filter flights various ways
Found this to be easy and intuitive to use. Nice job.
It is a great app , useful & nice
Works well
Yeaaaaa boy!!! Enough said!!
Fairly intuitive interface.
This app was incredibly helpful in booking my last minute, spur of the moment, fly by the seat of my pants trip to LA! It made everything super easy!!
I use it mostly for finding flights but I find its usability to be great and the aggregation while lacking some of the low cost carriers is fantastic.
Love it!!!
I love your site is great I will recommend it
This is my go-to travel app... I always book my flights here & check kayak rates first. Love it!!
Helpful App
great app!  easy to use
Kayak app is the best for booking flights. With the app my travel plans have never been easier. It's #1!!!!!!!
Super easy!  Love the alert feature.
Filters work when they feel like it
Highly recommended
Fix the crashing issue. I love Kayak but not when it crashes every time I try to use it!
Love it. Easy to use. Love the filters.
I love using this application. It's so easy to use and much more accessible.
Easy to use and easy to read search results
This app is the best for flights. Better than any website. Highly recommended!!
This is a perfect example of how an application should be. Loved the interface, and the reminders helped me plan my most recent trip home down to the cent!
Super easy to use! Fast!
The best fast, easy it has everything.
I have been using the Kayak all different reasons! From Weekend getaways to Luxury Trips! I love the alerts and keeping me informed always. Don't use those other websites a waste of time!
👍👍👍
Very fast and helpful during the travel
Brilliant app
I use this app ALL THE TIME to try to find cheap flights for travel. It's really handy and definitely helps me to conveniently check prices daily so that I'm on top of the sales. The price alerts aren't the best, but I just check it really quickly everyday because it saves my history so I can check the same flight dates every time.
Geart
Super fast, easy to use
I find it very useful to find hotels and flights around the world!
Fast! Easy to use. Accurate. Found flights that the others did not. Highly recommend
I love using Kayak.  Incredibly helpful finding multiple flights quickly and easily.  As a heavy business traveler it's a great tool I love having.
Kayak works perfect on my iPad and on my IPhone. It is very easy to use and should be used by any traveler
Using it to research flights. Great!! Haven't booked any yet. So we will see how it will go
Looking great so far
Very useful, convenient and fast.
User friendly
Fantastic
Filter options are great. Changing airports and dates on the fly helps me find the most affordable flight quickly.
Good
The best
Fabulous Application
Great performance very responsive and helpful website
User friendly effective website
This app is very easy to use and is incredibly accurate as to what you want it to find. Will only book with this app!
Great App works wonders when I'm looking for quick flight info.
Fast, doesn't "lock up", saves history for easy re-searching, I have no use for other travel search apps.
Why doesn't this version include a Price Alert feature like the iPhone version?
Awesome prices, far beats the competition of any other site.
I like the mobile app. Easy to navigate , better than other airline apps.
Grade A app!
⭐⭐⭐
Awesome App! Quick results!
I cant believe i used other apps before
Finds deals and sends you to the proper site to book.
Great app to use for any type of search.
This app allows you to filter your results so specifically it is fantastic! When booking my flight I was able to do so with ease! Always the lowest price!
It is easy to use. Excellent app.
its easy to use and its better than going to the website.
User friendly, simple. Does what it needs to!
Easy to use
Amazing app cheap tickets and greats airlines
Thanks!!  This app works great for me.
Kayak is amazing always has the lowest prices and best flight options (and lots of them). This is my go to app for traveling!
Job well done by the creators of this app. It performs well for the consummate planner. I love planning a vacation months in advance to avoid a mad dash, and the fare alert option keeps me dialed in if there are any changes in prices.
It is subsequently a good app but the only thing that could be missing in this app is a monthly fare calendar. If Kayak included that here, it would've been a great travel booking app in the whole iOS store.
Lot of options
Could be more intuitive but great for basic searching
Excellent Ap! Easy to use!
Functional and easy
This apps is really helpfully
Cool!
The only missing thing is the monthly price show to tell you what is the cheaper date. Other than that the app is excellent and comfortable to use because it's stylish and basic
It's a great app!
Fast and easy. Very convenient.
Great tool, prices so far of being a deal in must selections
Very good at finding hotels and flights. Kayak prices are a little pricey at times, but overall very good.
Use all the time
Fast and gives many options.
Intuitive and finds the best fares!
This app is easily laid out and search results are fast. There is no reason to even use the browser.
So so app, sometime works and sometimes doesn't work
Excellent app really helps organize travel arrangements!!
After many confusing hours online trying to book flights to visit my children  I gave up. Eventually I tried the Kyack App and had the trip planned in minutes....easy breezey
Helps us plan our vacations!
I find rates that are no longer available and when I go on to booking it says the real price , if I go back and search again for same flight again false prices ,
Fix it please I made trip to my agent for nothing because of this app
Kayak helped me book flights and hotels during a music festival in Texas. If it weren't for Kayak I would have been stranded in Austin with nowhere to stay and no plan to get home.
Best app for flights and hotels hand down
It one of the best prices checking alps that I have to se prices four vacation. But then agin I don't book them my parents do that.
I jest like looking at the prices.
I'm just a tween.
Overall a good app for a great site. However, I wish there was a way to filter flights by frequent flyer program, like the site allows. I also consistently have issues with my history of searches showing up, and have to shut down the app and restart to get them to show up again.
Is very facility for find
I found the app really neat and helpful. It's very fast too. Good job guys.
It works really well and so much more convinient
This app is great. I like the fact that I don't have to go to numerous sites to see what prices are available because all the info is right there whenever you use Kayak.
Have gotten the best deals using the kayak mobile app!  It's the way I buy airplane tickets now.
Awesome app.  I use it all the time!!
None finer
Best app for finding flights on a low budget love it
The best Appt.  Kayak Rocks
Great app
Great App good results!
Nice looking, easy to use app.
Betters than Expedia.
It's been a good site so far
love this application, easyto work with
Awesome!!! I track flights on here to make sure I grab the best price.
Really helpful ;)
Best fastest & great filters
Very fast and effective.
It's my go to app for finding the best deal on flights and hotels.
Amazing
Love the ability to watch fares and get notifications.
Great app!  Easy to use and quick results. The filters are also very helpful.
Quick
Excellent for vetting all of your travel options.
Works great
Def will use this from now on when traveling and looking for good deals!
Pretty good travel app
Quick, easy
Far better than the Expedia app executed perfectly. I have not seen any bugs so far and it has not froze etc. Must have if you travel.
Amazing app, All in One App
Usually don't like tag lines but in this case, I Make an exception
Can find everything for your vacations, trips, etc...
This is the only travel app you ever need. Love it!
This is by far the most helpful and overall best app that has ever come out. I love this app and am so thankful to have it! This is a must have when it comes to planning and organizing trips. This makes planning trips a breeze.
You just can't not love this app.
The only thing I hate is the reviews are very old.  I looked up a number of hotels and reviews are from 2011 and we are in 2013.
Very convenient little app. Makes getting a reservation very easy.
This app is just as good as the website. Works like a charm
Love this app!!!!
This is a great app that always allows me to get the best travel deals anywhere I have internet access on my phone.
Works great use it all the time on iPhone 4S
I found this app is pretty useful. It include all  information for a traveler.
I use it to book all of my trips!
It's like the 'Easy' button for travel planning.
I'm currently planning a much needed getaway & this app has been more than helpful. LOVE IT!
Los felicito el programa está muy bien desarrollado y sigan haciéndolo muy bien como lo están haciendo adelante ok
Great great great!!!
Use this wherever I travel. Awesome.
Love it !!
Great app really helps in making decisions on travel plans
This is Everything you need from traveling hotel's rental cars and every think you'll ever think of.
Try it if you haven't.
Easy to navigate. Gives a lot of options. Only problem is no option to include number of children in search. Other than that, love it.
Smooth interface, love the saved history feature and the availability for multi city booking!!! Love it!!
This app is awesome. Saves time and easy to use.
Easy to use and clean looking
Fantastic!
Great App
Does what it's supposed to do.
I am loving this app! It provides great features and great options!
Great ue
I absolutely love Kayak. Only app I need for making travel plans. Favorite app thus far.
I love kayak
As per title
A pleasure to use very friendly .
Brian
Great!
App works fine, lacking information about car rentals. The app only gives information on car rentals near or in the airport. Because of that my activity with this app has been lowered significantly.
Best for deals by far
Great app !
Love it, love it.......
My #1 app to buy my airline tickets...
Very easy to use.
The information & the detail of that information blows every other search engine (ie tripadvisor, Expedia) out of the water.
App is awesome! Does find u lowest rates but wish would let u choose different flights to add to total trip if displayed times are compatible.
Search one and done. So true , really does give me the best prices. It makes me say boo ya !
Love it! Beats cruising dumpy mobile sites.
Have been using KAYAK for long time and always get the best deal, easy to use and prompt response. Thanks :-))))
I have tried Travelocity and other places and none compare to the excellent prices of Kayak!
Keeps me very organized with planning a trip as well as notifying me with great deals.
Found great prices tickets and helps when planning a big trip! Love it!!
Gives you great prices, when you go to book it, it states: "flight no longer available" and then virtually doubles the price. POINTLESS app, don't waste your time.
Wonderful. Quick. Easy.
Awesome and really helpful app! Love it
One-stop shop for travel pricing/booking!  Highly recommend.
Easy to use and aggregates results from several different sites
Recomended to everyone. It is the best one for real!
Works just like online very advanced app
Must have for travelers on the go!
Gotta love kayak
Nice
Never thought I'd be booking flights on my iPhone!   But KAYAK makes it possible.
I'm finding great deals for every trip I need to reserve. Easy to use.
Cheapest deals by far!
Quick and easy with the best rates!
Great app!
Super aplikacja :) Polecam
It works!
Accurate !
Grest spp!
I really like this app!  I'm currently looking for flights for a trip I'm taking in July so I really like the option to create notifications for numerous dates and/or departure cities. The downside to the alert is that it only seems to tell you the pricing that comes out early that morning because there are times I've clicked on it to look at current pricing and cheaper options pop up so I wish it would update throughout the day so I wouldn't have to go the extra steps to make sure the pricing is correct. I've even tried the refresh button on the alert page but it doesn't seem to do anything. All that said, I really like the app and love that kayak is my one stop shop when planning a trip.
This is the first place to look! Just wish they had every airline.
Can't live with out it! None better!
Signed up and got all these emails about there being no price change. Checked the hotel sites myself to find there were changes and availability. So if I had relied solely on Kayak, I would have missed out on saving $350 on accommodations. Deleted.
Easy to use! Great app
It's super awesome. Fast and on the go just as I need. I can book flights instantly where ever I am finding the cheapest, best flights out. It's the best thing every for me.
You wouldn't think it's possible for all the flexibility of Kayak on the web to be in an app but they've done a very nice job.
This app is very help full for planning trips.
Great time saving app!!!
Хорошая прога, сделано очень грамотно, ничего лишнего, есть русский язык. Советую всем, не пожалеете.
Great Application in short time...
When I need to find flight and hotel info, Kayak is my first stop.
awesome layout, super easy to use.
Very easy to use! Stress free!
Easy to find flights!
Kayak is the easiest and fastest way to search and book travel. The Interface is clean and easy to use.  Two stellar features are: 1. the ability to save searches in your account, and pin flights that you want to buy.  and 2.  the "My trips" feature is simply awesome.  By sending an email of your itinerary to Kayak, it reads the email and saves all the relevant data to your account.  Now all my trip info is located in one convenient place - my phone.  I also LOVE that they will send updates and trip warnings to my email.  Thank you for such a great product! keep up the good work
Fast and easy to use, very intuitive.
excellent. Timely accurate. Wonderful. Makes my life so much easier and better to have this information readily at your finger tips.  All apps will benefit. Thank you
Great tool...
This is a great app. Use it all the time.
My got to site to begin every travel adventure, both domestic and foreign....great!!
One of the best apps for traveling and very quick in getting you the best prices
Es una excelente herramienta para cualquier persona que viaja sin importar que tan frecuente lo haga. 

Además de todas las bondades de kayak, te permite también concentrar toda tu información de viaje en un solo lugar, envía alertas y hasta contiene una sección para ayudarte a empacar. 

Lo único que le falta, es poder fusionar eventos en un solo viaje desde la misma aplicación (como Tripcase) en lugar de que sea desde la página web, espero que pronto este disponible.
A+
Best flight search tool out there. Love the interface and the fact that it stores your searches in history so you can go back and view fares at different points in time!
I travel all the time, this app is necessary. It delivers.
Best app compared to any other trip assistant apps that I've used before. Very fast and accurate.  Thank you.
Love 
Love 
It
Easy, just the way I like it!
Fast and user friendly. Just wish they had an easier way to look at price trends.
This is the easiest and quickest fare finder that I have used! Unlike other apps this one doesn't make you leave the app and go to the website to search for fares like expedia's does. Highly recommended! I won't use any other search engine for my flights now!
pretty good
Very helpful while traveling. I use it to find car rentals, hotels.
Great App
👍
help me find my airfare fasted
Love it
Seem to operate very fast, which is nice. No problem so far
Super easy to use!!!  I have always gotten the best rates...even over my friends who have travel clubs!!!
Good
The best way to fine everything you want for vacations
Just started using it and I love it
I see the packing list on the iPhone app but nowhere to be found on iPad app! Otherwise, great app!
A very good app. The load times are very fast plus the prices are just like on the website. Definitely a must have app if you travel.
Shows a lower hotel rate in summary, but, upon clicking the hotel, the detailed rates are as much as 30% higher
Fast and reliable.
Saves the time of looking around. One stop shop!
Good
I use it all the time. Thanks guys!!!!
I have only used it for airfare; so far it has worked great!! It's nice to see all the different airline prices in one place! Easy and fast. Would highly recommend to others!!!
I assume the other features work just as well as the airfare search.
Needed to find the last flight out of BOS to DTW. Worked like a champ!
Great app to check and book travel options.
Fast, simple, like the website
Best app
Smooth and quick. Great options almost exactly like the site online
Awesome and quick
Gives great access to all the sites features.  Easy to use.
I love it.  A great source of travel info and rates in one place.
Es súper útil esta aplicacion
Siempre buenas ofertas, vuelos detallados con informacion del avion y horarios excelente la utilizo todo el tiempo.
Super convenient
Very consistent on the great prices.
Absolutely love this app. Can't live without it and it has no kinks in my experience!!!
Easy to use and the plus or minus two days option to find the best rates if you're flexible is very useful. Works flawlessly on iphone5.
Great app, but 1 star for nagging me to review!
Kayak excels in allowing the user to set parameters (number of stops, total flight time etc).  A great app.
I love this app. So easy to use and it makes finding flights readily accessible and even book them through app!
It's nice because there aren't really any special deals that a lot of other companies are in. Kayak really shows all options.
Good sort feature and site comparison. Highly recommend
This is an excellent app and must have for everyone
Love this app!!! I often find myself looking up flights just because lol
Muy útil pero falta información de contactos en el caso de los hoteles
It's a very convenient app for those who travel a lot!
For international flights it would be nice to easily see what day it actually arrives in the locations timezone
Wonderful, I love app.
Love this app better than the website.
Love having all of that info in a concise, easy-to-use app !
Pretty dope app, no complaints from me!
My favorite app by far. I don't travel much but this app makes life easier when I do.
Easy to navigate
Nice inpo gan very cheap n worth to download....
Easy to use! Very convenient!
Super easy, fast, best traveling site out there !
So easy to use and intuitive!
Love this app!
Love this app-perfect for searching flights
Looking for least expensive flights from NY to Edinburgh to London and return. Kayak makes it easy to evaluate all the options.
Love the multiple travel route feature!
Very helpful for last minute deals
Use it frequently to price flights. But last night stopped working. Kayak please fix.
Works great.  Get if you travel at all
Awesome and reliable!
Really user friendly and effective
This is the best travel app ever!
Easy to use and reliable.
I love Kayak newly revised and made alot stronger👍.would recommend. They hopefully soon Will take all major credit Card"s. To new comer"s🔃🔗❗❗🔟
It works awesome
Does what it is supposed to!!
It's very convenient to add all the flights, cars and hotels for my 17-day trip to California. Save a lot of time
This is my favorite travel app. It does so much and is not cumbersome.
Find all of the best deals on hotel, flights, rental cars, etc. right here on Kayak!
Good app
Good
Strong
So easy to use, and usually has the cheapest flights I can find!!! I LOVE the fare tracker, so helpful to get the best prices!!
This App is awesome for finding flights! The hotel finder is great too.  Five Stars for this App.
Kayak is awesome and their app is so easy to use. I love the daily flight price updates!
A+
Love the app. Have purchased a few times and had no problem
Great App! Shows total price (taxes and fees) when booking room. No surprises at the checkout!
E-Z breezy booking on hotel with a great price at The W.
I Never use anything else
Very easy to use and you will find great deals.
Just booked ticket from kayak love this app so easy to use and has very affordable tickets than others. Thank you KAYAK for making our travelseasy and faster to purchase 👍👍👍👍
Great app.
Has a feature that tracks the cheapest time to book flights to destinations. If you are flexible and trying to figure out the best time of year to go places... It's very helpful!
Just what I've been looking for
......and I love it! Won't be using Expedia anymore. And you can't even book an international flight with Delta Mobile which is inconvenient!! Love Kayak! Especially the price reminder. Lets just hope they notify me of an awesome deal to Cancun!!!
Good app
Fantastic and easy to use!
Very helpful!!!
Great
Keeps your city and date info for at least a week without opening the app. Gives you prices of the other websites just like the commercials say.
Super
Love the site. Easily sorts through to get you what you want at the best deals.
So much better than Expedia. Just put info 1 time and keep checking everyday for the cheapest prices
Finds some interesting places that other travel sites do not.
Works great!
Like this app
Hands down
Good
Nice when plans change or just want a change of scenery.
Thanks..
Awesome
Very helpfull
This is a great app, I use it all the time for my travel needs.
Works fine no issues for me
really comes in handy
Easy to use and returns a ton of flights.
I was finding cheap hotels in under ten seconds today. What a great tool.
Simple, intuitive and convenient. Beautiful work.
i needed to find a cheap flight and kayak is the best especially if youre on the go
Good app
Looks promising.
I like app. I think it is very excellent
Best way to check flights on your phone.
Easy to maneuver around.  Always finds the best deal
An excellent travel app for the iPhone.  Obviously designed by people who travel!
Great app! Wish it could show u the prices in a month on a single screen or compare prices on a map to help u determine which airport is cheapest to fly into.
Easy! Fast! Effective!
The best thing in this app is the comparison mechanism that would save you time in surfing the Internet for best hotel prices
Love the app. Fast and easy to navigate.  Only complaint is with reviews.  Not as complete as the reviews on the site itself. Otherwise great app!!
I love it!
Perfect for finding flights on the go. Easy, simple to use, every bit as great as the website. Never had any problems, love it
Best app for anyone who is looking for traveling at a cheaper rate! The alerts are awesome as well!
This app is fast, easy to read, and very useful. I would recommend anyone that travels to get it.
Excellent!
Easy and quick to navigate
I would give this 10 stars. One of the few really useful apps.
No issues yet. Works well very fast.
Great App!!
Have had great results with this app.  The search is very intuitive as is the filtering and sorting.

My only negative is the hotel search sometime returns hotels that do not really have rooms when I click through to them...probably not and app issue but rather a Kayak dat issue.
This app is one of the best ones I have tried!
My go to travel app.
Easy to use, compares with other sites. The only one I will use in the future!
In many ways this is easier than using the websites.
Definitely one of my favorite apps thus far, makes travel plans super easy
Love it.
I had the orbitz app and loved the simplicity  , but I couldn't price watch many needed flights among several other needed tools. This app does that and so much more.  Highly recommended.
This app delivers as promised.
Was very good at finding amazing hotels and resorts.
Love the app
Súper good for planing vacation !!
Could not plan a trip without this app!
Great for a quick look at flights
Planning a trip out of the country and this app makes it so easy!
I use Kayak exclusively so it's great to have their app on my iPhone.  I consistently get the best rates with Kayak.
I should have had you before.
I am very please with this app. Very easy and practical to use. I have notice that flights on kayak are cheaper than cheapoair.... 

Highly recommended
Easy to use and very convenient!
Awesome app...
Indeed
Invaluable resource!
Useful and convenient!!
Good app
After searching and searching I finally found a GREAT app to find good flights !
I wish they had houses for rent or condos. Not just hotels.
Great app.  Simple interface with lots of useful features.  Definitely my first choice app to use when planning travels.
Awesome!
Good
Great app to find travel, I always use this app first.
I love using this app to check how much, how much of a layover there is to Brazil. It does the trick every time
Quick and easy.
Awesome
Found some great deals and super easy ui.
Cheap tickets :)
Easy to use and good results.
Really on point, does everything
Good stuff.
Love to use this app
Whenever I plan to go for vacation, I always start with kayak.
Great quick way to find the best deals
This app is fantastic! I can quickly search out different flight options and change the filter to better match my needs. Thanks to the team that created an app that works for me while I'm on the go!
They do a great job of showing all the options and the breakdown of airlines. They even help if you want to return to a different airport.
I love the website and love the app even more!
Way better than any other website or app. Always easy to use and the best deals!!
Nice app
Honestly the easiest fastest friendliest way to book travel.
Thinks good work
Always the cheapest!!!!
This app. Is very useful and great. It helped me plan where to stay for my vacation. And also what attractions were near. I recommend it for any body planning a trip. Great app. :)
This app is amazing, I use it to find all my flights and for any travel needs
This is the best!
Best tickets founded !
The lay out is simple and easy.
Easy to use, complete app but pulls the results differently from PC.
Easy to use!  Seamless GUI.
Got best filter search
Love the fare notifier function. I stalk prices because this app also clearly tells me how many seats are left for the tickets I'm considering. 
Would be nice if they had a flag or button that let you know about each site provider's fare-matching policies if the price does indeed drop. 

When looking for places, I use TripAdvisor. When I actually book, Kayak.
Convenient and awesome
Great
It's the only app I use for looking up flights!
When searching for a flight It doesn't respond!!!!!
Love to use this app, especially for flights. Always gives multiple sites to buy from, and gives the final price (including taxes and fees) before you click.
Easy to use with alerts doing the searching instead of me.
It's easy to use and quick!
Great app! Very useful
Great app
Good app    to use
Try it
Use it for every trip!!
Simple easy to use features. Can search quick and find what I need.
Great design. Fast. Easy to use. Just booked my flights for Hawaii!
I was in a hurry to reschedule a flight due to bad weather. I entered the date and destination but got many other dates, beyond my desired one. I accidentally chose the wrong date and now I'm stuck with a wrong ticket. If only Kayak app had the option to select EXACT DATES ONLY, I wouldn't have been in this mess. Thanks for nothing Kayak, thanks a lot!
Always helpful
This is a pretty good app.
Very good App no complain
Easy to navigate, locate times, date, & location!!!👌
The iPad version is easier to book with. The iPhone version doesn't take you to a mobile version of some hotel booking pages so scroll scroll... Love it if my AAA # could be stored.
The coolest app for finding flights and hotels.
Great
Super easy to navigate! I love how it takes you to the sellers website and one can easily come back to the app without losing your place and search results. Love this app
Kayak is easy to use and has been able to help me with my flights and finding the best price concerning all airlines.
Love t app best prices
Very useful. Highly recommend.
Great app
This app is so easy to use. I love it!
Works great ! Booked me the cheapest flight
Easy to use
Overall, app is good.  I like when you can book directly from kayak and not to another site, which you can't do with all airlines kayak shows.  I wish you could see southwest prices, and sometimes the app will not load flights correctly, defaulting the dates to July 6 and 7 for some reason, randomly.  It's happened a few times, but an uninstall and reinstall of the app fixes it.  Otherwise, great app, and it is free.  I use this as my default over the orbitz app.
Very easy to see
Notification was very useful. I love the packing list feature. Very useful indeed.
Great App, always works correctly and fast.
So far so good. Quick & easy. User friendly.
They don't not stand by their word. I book a room, went to check in and room was never booked and hotel was full. Called kayak they verified said they give me a full refund in 5-7 days and I would need to book a new room at a new hotel almost double the cost, I had to drive home at 12:30 am almost 2 1/2 hrs away cuz I was out of money and they did not care. Bottom line this company is horrible!!!!
I'm only nine but I travel a lot so get the app it's worth it!!!
Simply great rates
This app gives you just the right amount of information, quick easy.
Really
Easy to use
Fast and simple to use.
Very easy to use
Kayak app used to be awesome.  Now every time I search for a flight it tells me 0 out of 0 results.  This has been happening for at least two weeks.  I thought it needed an update but there is not one available.  I'm certainly not buying the paid version of this app.  I'll use my computer.

What junk.
Very,  very good app.
Very easy to use and accurate
Perfecta
This app is so great I use it all the time
Love this app. Excellent interface.
It is a great app helpful!
It's great
Great app, works awesome
Awesome
Easy to get information. Simple to use, love it!
Love it.
I use Kayak for all of my travel needs, easy to use and to save time and money!
Easy to use! Highly recommend it.
Wish you can plan a vacation on this (package) like the web site
!
Love it
On the rare occasion I need to book or track a flight, I'm always impressed with this apps design. A top notch team must have worked long and hard to create this it's an excellent application. Logical and beautiful in its own way.
Awesome!... I use it every time I fly!
Excellent price and reliable website
Very productive!
I love their Website, the only site you need for booking flights. This app is almost easier to use than the full site. Very well done.
This app is 5 stars if you don't use the explore map. It's the most useful feature.
Loved!!!
Very user-friendly and convenient.
Highly recommend. Very useful and convenient app. Definitely lives up to its slogan-"Search one and done".
It's a very useful, on the go app that I use quite often. Love it! A++++
I love the ease of use with this app!
I find it an easy site to use, it gives a lot of options, but have found cheaper flights on the airline sites sometimes.
Great app. Easy to use; shows price and dates without a bunch of gratuitous information. Have gotten some great deals so far!
I use this app all the time, and I don't even travel that much. Love it!
Very useful I just wish it had the option to create vacation packages
These are my 5 rules for apps worth keeping around for the long haul and Kayak meets this criteria perfectly
Helps me with all my traffic needs quickly
Simple to use, great graphics, provides all details. Highly recommended.
Awesome App!
Does what is expected.
Convenient, and cheap
Found a great hotel for 99 a night booked it than the next day on hotels website it was 189! Such a great deal! On a four star hotel can't get any better than that!
I use this app every day to figure out the best and lowest cost ways of getting from there to where.
Best airline travel app out there!
Best app out there. Easy to navigate.
The best of all travel sites
The best
Yayayayayay!
Good
Love it!
Love using it!
Love this app!! It gets 10 thumbs up from me!!
Easy to use
Perfect
very nice app
I love this app.
Cheapest flights I've found so far
Excellent
Very useful!
Perfect one
Love this app. Use it a lot for finding flights and hotels.
❤❤❤❤❤
Great app. Very easy to use. I've looked up & booked many flights.
Terrific application!
This new update is horrible! You cannot do anything with the new update. Please go back to the old version.
Takes a long time for prices to load and there are so many advertisements that it takes even linger
Love it., its truly search one and done deal
The best for me!
I never got it to show any flights. No matter what cities I typed it always said 0 flights.
The app is not as friendly as the regular site. Price alerts are sporadic at updating prices, hacker fares don't exist on the mobile app, a lot of extra steps to check flights +/- 1day.  The app is better than some others but far from superior.
BAD APP! FIX BUG
I love it!!! It's great!!
Awesome site to help with travel plans. Would recommend to anyone
Love it. Saved me $200 by watching a flight I was interested in. A must have. I am going to buy the pro and see how good that is.
Kayak has been very useful to me. I can EASILY review and determine where im getting the best deal. I would recommend this app to anyone looking for a travelers app. Love it!
Must have
Great app very easy to use and quick results. Love this app !
I don't know why they don't show prices for flights! Pretty lame.
Great site great app. Very mobile friendly- not just a clone of web experience.
Great App, very easy to use. Seems ti be bug free.
Just started using Kayak but I'm liking what I see so far!!
Excellent website to get the best deals
Everything you need in one app! It takes all the guess work out of trip planning and pricing, I love this app!!
There are so many great and easy to use features in this app. It will save you time and money.
This is the first site I always go to for airfare and car rentals. I love getting good deals and especially love that the fees and taxes are included in prices.
With the app I cannot save flight alerts for multi city flights
Highly recommend this site
Saved 400 bucks on one trip with the price alert function - what other app can say that!
Thank you kayak for the best ticket prices!!!
Nice app
Finds the lowest prices on flights
Super Fast
Great app for finding flights
This app is useful would definitely recommended.
This app crash withe my iPhone 5
Good
very convenient and the filters are more easy to use than online!!
I recommend this app!
Excellent app...multifunctional and a great interface
Exelente
Use it all the time
I use kayak for almost all my travel plans! App is very easy to use!
Better than the other travel apps.
👍👍👍👍
Y
Very easy to use!
Quick and easy way to check flight prices
This helped me a lot!
So quick & easy to search & check flight prices with this app! Loving it so far👍👍
Kayak is a wonderful app love it I use it very often.
LOVE LOVE LOVE Kayak!! I have exclusively used the full website to book travel for years, and their app is even more user-friendly than their full site. Finally, a website & app that allow you to see flight and other travel prices from all major online sources with just one search! A must-download!!
A must for travelers
This app helps compare multiple sites to get the best price.
Super easy to use, quick and responsive. Highly recommend - one if the better apps I've used.
Great app
Great site
All I ever wanted
Easy to navigate and use to look for flights as you might online.
So easy to use!
Awesome Apps
Best app I've used to find flights!!!!
I've found this app very easy to use and helpful
Perfect for one stop shopping for travel
Easy to use
Great app. Makes shopping for flights easy.
Love using Kayak's app! Fast and easy search for flights, hotels and rental cars.
Simple to use, but sometimes misses some options
Everything you need and want! Super easy to use and very convenient :)
This app is better than any of the full blown websites I've been on!!
Love it!
Love it!  Easy to use
So far so good
Kayak always finds me the exact flights to meet my schedule at a good price! I rely on it!
Great job
Good app. However the functionality to pull info from an email id into My Trips does not work. This refers to bookings made directly at Airline and hotel websites without going through Kayak.
I love using kayak app! It's fast and convenient!
Easy to use
Extremely handy. One of my most use apps.
Works better than the website.
It's ok.
Awesomeee app
Sweet app and cheap prices
Easy to use. Works great.
easy..efficient.. time saving!
Fantastic
Great app!!
This is the best app I have on my phone
Best app I ever found,very convenient for my travel arrangements
Awesome fast app good job don't change a thing
Love it!
Great - just works
Easy to use and always has the best deals BY FAR! Love it!
Lots of things to do on this App!
this app makes lookin for a flight soooooo easy makes me wanna scream for joy. wwoooogohhhhoooooooooo
Very well done user friendly app.  Highly recommended.
A great experience! Very user friendly and easy to navigate. Has all that you would need for booking travel arrangements!
Awesome App!!
Tiene toda la información que necesitas
Works great A+
Easy to use. Best deals. Compares multiple sites. awesome! Haven't had any issues so far....
I always turn to kayak first when looking for flights. It always seems to have the best price.
No complaints so far
Easy to Use!
This app has saved me a boatload; best travel sight by far!
Works well, easy to understand.
It's a handy app if you're only traveling with adults. Needs a kid/infant option for the flights.
Searched for tickets to Ireland and found a great deal, half of what I expected to pay. Three hours later, I went to buy the tickets and the price was triple what the app had said. I didn't even create a new search, I just refreshed the listings. Clearly the app has some major issue, definitely odidn't work for me.
Unstable - don't bother...
Easy to use and powerful
Great little app.
So simple to use. It even shows you the baggage fees for every airline. Gives you the most inexpensive prices. Got my flight for 160! I'm most definitely keeping this app.
Seems much quicker than the other travel apps.  Easy to use and usually has the lowest prices!
Sometimes the uploads take a bit of time, but overall a very handy app.
Love
It shows different price in the list, and when I would buy it it turns out its way more than what it was shown first
Great resource on the road. Not sure how prices are determined because every time I called the hotels directly the prices were markedly lower. Didn't book thru Kayak for that reason.
Love it
I use this for all my international traveling.
So Happy with this  App !!!!! :D
Great for planning last minute to FL
I have a large family living all over the country. This app tracks flights for me so I can hop a flight and attend family events for a prudent price.
love the fact that the prices given include taxes and fees!!!
This website customer service does NOT help the travelers or customer and just stand from the company. No good.
Always shows the best flight prices
Never crashes
Lots of options but still easy to use
Flight tracker is perfect
Great
I would also love to see a matrix for prices and dates similar to the Southwest site.
Great app, absolutely love it! Well done. Think adding neighborhood filter for hotels would be a nice addition?!?
The updates have made Kayak my go to travel app. So easy to filter and to book flights, hotels, cars etc. 
navigation and content are excellent.
👍👍
Easier than the desktop interface. Fast and intuitive to use.
Works amazing.
This is the best site and app I ever used to search for flights. Its convenience is unbeatable.
Giving 5 out of 5 even though some more work needs to be done on international flights and pricing-alerts. All in all, the best travel App I've used.
Good smartphone app - what you would expect from kayak.
As a business owner, educator and a person with lots of family spread all over the US who travels a lot, I have used many flight, hotel and car rental apps, but never has one been as totally comprehensive, easy to use, effective and awesome as KAYAK! It has literally saved me hundreds if not thousands of dollars already at NO COST to download. Truly an essential app that I highly recommend!!!! Two texting thumbs up!!!!
This app is spectacular!!
App works like expected!
Nice how it puts the total price together on round trips! Not like those other sites that separate the outgoing and return flight prices trying to deceive you! Would recommend for everyone!!
Great App !!
Wow!
Просто и удобно!
Great app
This app is great! Very user friendly.
Easy. Good price. Best app ever.
Best mobile app for hotels and flights.
Never worked
Almost easier and faster to use that the normal website. Don't leave home without it!
Very useful and easy app. Great way to get the best rate of what your looking for. I would say if you travel a lot this is a very good app to download!
Helps me find cheap reliable flights even when I need to leave sooner than later
Easy to use.
Is exactly what I expected it would be. Would defiantly recommend.
Awesome
Love searching for flights! Quick results, competitive results.
First app I use for travel.
Easy to use, complete information, right level of detail. Faster than the other free apps I have used.
Love it go anywhere and book !! Easy !!
Can't plan without this!
Great app
I thought the car rental carriers would have tons of additional fees! Not at all! Exactly as the app states!!!! It's like receiving employee pricing! This app is truly one of a kind!
Great App!!!
Very helpful!
Does exactly what it's claimed to do.   I wish more apps would.
This app is great , nice prices .
Nice and quick. Very easy to use
Doesn't have full features of website, but very useful on the go.
Beats searching each and every website. Does the job!!
Great app
Best app for international flights
Simple quick searches. Much easier than Orbitz, Travelocity or others.
This site is just wonderful for comparing prices and carriers. It is easy to toggle between pricing and flight duration priorities, and to chance your filters.
Great app for people who travel !!
Really save me 47% Tickets were from 471-800. I paid 241.00. Awesome!! Just be patient keep refreshing until you get lowest offer.
Will be 5* if you could search cruises.
Love how I can search for flights with multiple stops. Makes it a breeze to travel! :)
This is by far the best travel app I own; and that includes the propriety airline and other supposedly comprehensive apps. More than that, they've made it simple, intuitive, and easy to use.
Great app!
Great app to use on the run.
I use Kayak every time I'm researching airfare. It's very easy to use and the interface is simple. Awesome tool!
Using kayak I can save $$$ than using a travel agency.  Saving $$$ = good thing!
Simply too good
Love it!!
Finds everything u need for your trip!!
Just super. Found good flights for me
Kayak is great!! Search late to early morning for the lowest rates though
I love how this program compares all the airlines and makes it easier for me to find the cheapest flight. I also like that I can also narrow the search to how I want my flight to be. AMAZING!
I love to travel internationally and I use this app all the time. It's so easy to use and I never have any troubles with it!
It's an amazing app.
Awesome!
Super easy to use and very helpful
Best way to compare prices with other websites all in one area
Awesome
Site is extremely easy to use and gives very quick and accurate information on anything you could possibly need for your future trip. Recommend to anyone interested.
Si lo recomendo
Facil de usar
Even easier to use than the website.
Usually don't rate apps for a number of reasons, but this app is super easy to use and flights are sortable like you would expect from a desktop flight planning website.
Love the fact that your app allows me to see all other prices of different companies. I keep going back for all your services.
Great app and helpful
I am getting married and moving to Florida and have to travel a lot the next couple months.. This app is so easy to use and helpful!
Your app has prices that are advertised that aren't accurate. I had 2 tickets confirmed and was on PayPal to purchase for $310. Kayak would not let me approve purchase because they wanted me to buy flight insurance that I hit No Thanks on. Then the prices go up from $310 to $470 while I keep hitting No thanks on Insurance. I am deleting this app & going back to cheap tickets for my travels. Kayak is a disorganized Waste of time & energy
As an airline employee I find this app more accurate and timely than what my airline provides me.   International travel deserves a bit more attention however.
Daughter getting married and several people coming for around the country. What a quick and easy way to compare prices. Thanks
Great app to use in vacation or business travel.
Very nice App&usefull
Quick and easy to navigate. I prefer the app to the full website. Highly useful!
A must have travel companion.
The app has a beautiful and functional interface. Actually kind of fun to use. Also in the app it shows prices on numerous sites and will link you directly to the site you pick (lowest price) if you choose to book thru them instead of kayak.
Love this app
Awesome app to find the best flight deals!
Always gives me the best rates fast.  Easy to use.
I've only been looking at flights so far, but it's easy to navigate the app, has lots of adjustable preferences within the app, and is generally easy to use.
Awesome app
Muy buena
This app is a new recommendation of a friend I want travel and I want find a ticket cheaper than other companies
Great app minus you can't put in traveler info for children. Had to open full website to do so.
Great for searching prices, but if you use the app to go to airlines site and purchase, you can't use back browser if you click on a link. You lose all progress and have to start over again. I tried twice already to purchase a ticket and I am still unsure if the transaction went through. Frustrating
Awesome
Great app !
Love to travel and this is the easiest and best way to check out a flight!
I like everything about it
Searches many different sites to find great rates.
Kayak is very helpful when it comes to traveling
Easy to use, navigate, find, book, it's all a breeze.
Love the quick compare on flights. Haven't used yet for hotels but expect that I will be equally pleased.
By a simple tap u have all flights and airlines in the palm of your hand, it's very accurate as well great app
App for plane tickets
Rarely do like it apps five stars, but this app totally deserves it. It's amazing!
App is just bad
I usually use a computer to search for flights but this app lets you drill down on flight info really easily. Good app! Now I'll have to fly more places.
Works like it should
Pretty nifty. Great for quick price-check and on-a-whim flight planning!
Always crashes!!! Fix the bug ASAP.
Love this! Saved time and money!
This program contain large information about all and excelent information for travelers. I'm very very amazing using kayyak. Excelent job
Very cool! Use it for flights - very fast, responsive, a pleasure to use. Almost makes me want to fly more!
I downloaded 4 different apps to find accommodations for spring break.  This app is what it says it is... Kayak made my experience to compare shop for best rates for our large group a success! I've already highly  recommended it to family & friends.  Enjoy w/ confidence!
Great app, easy to use and powerful.
International travel options are getting better all the time. I would like to see more unpublished hotel rates, but the app is great. Make it so I can zoom into pics of hotels.
Easy to use!
Very useful!
I had my doubts about the App, but have found it as easy to use a the desktop version.  I love being able to pinpoint the best travel deals with a few minutes searching.
Tremendo
Not great
Good App to check flight options quickly for business trips.
The failing of most mobile apps which are derivatives of desktop full site experiences is when they leave out most of the key features that make the desktop web so cool. This app doesn't make any compromises but instead covers them all plus a few cool things that only mobile lets you have. Enthusiastic 5 stars!
Very convenient application for avid travelers or people going to have fun in another city. Easy. Fast. Reliable. And great deals!!!
Super easy to use.
I always get the best price!
Very useful one search and I have the cheapest flights from every airline!
Just like the website, this make makes it easier to search for flights. Now it even includes more additional international airports.
It is a good app. I always find some cheap tickets from it.
I finally got to go home... at a cheap price:)
Really good app that let's you shop across multiple airlines, time, and route combinations to find the most suitable flight.
Helpfull
Useful for quick search
I love using this app. It has great features and makes booking easy!
Super powerful, super easy!
Use the app mainly to look for flight tickets. It makes it so much easier to compare prices. Love the alert feature, I just set it to push notification every day if prices change. No need to guess the day of the week when prices are the lowest.
I haven't actually purchased a ticket through the app but I like how easy I can select dates, airlines etc and compare prices.
I'm flying for only the third time in my whole life down to Florida and the first time I am planning and flying by myself. This app and kayak is making it so much more fun and easier to figure out the best and cheapest ways to travel. I am so thankful to kayak for it. And it's free!! I would easily pay for this app it's so awesome. Thanks!
Love it! By far the easiest travel APP that I have used!
Yup. Great! Easy to use. More intuitive than the website! Good job!
Used kayak app to book 2 trips this year, already. Very easy to compare rates across websites and quickly book.  Great aggregation of reviews and ratings, as well.
Very Nice
It's great one.
Awesome as usual
Quick and easy. Buying a plane ticket has never been so convenient.
Whether you access Kayak from your iPhone, iPad, or the home site your experience will always be enjoyable.  You can always find the best prices and services in travel by using Kayak.  Now with a mobile version I can use it everywhere and any time.
Makes it easy to help prepare for trips!
I always search in Kayak when I need to book a flight, car rental or hotel. Easy access with info from all other sites as well.
I like that it's very user friendly! Good app to have!
Awesome app, I've never had problems with it at all!
Great
It was very clean, awesome motel!
easy to use, excellent app!
It's a great app you should get it
So handy to have an app this easy to search for travel on my phone.
Great tool
Great searching for the flight that works.
Very useful app as I own a delivery company and it's a great, quick way to find a hotel when I'm on long deliveries!
Fastest and most intuitive way to search for a flight! What a time saver. Also super easy to search and send itineraries to friends and family! Thank you, thank you, Kayak!
Great
Never leave on a trip without it!
So helpful when booking a flight!
Terrific App for my iPhone.  In my opinion, the best app for searching flights.
It's the first place I go whenever I need to book flight, a hotel, or anything else related to travel. Can check every travel site, airline, or hotel site All at once, so you can find the best deal there is.
Great app, it's my go-to app when traveling.
I use this app for all my travel needs. The price alerts are also great.
Thumbs up!
Great app. Intuitive interface. Saved history is a cool feature.
I haven't booked a flight yet but the app  seems to be clear and easy to use.
The best travel app you'll find. I once got stranded without a hotel reservation in Houston, this app saved me!
Great app to its website counter part ding everything easy
Great app. Tracks your flights and constantly updates you. Awesome!
Great app
User friendly. I like planning trips and consider myself pretty savvy but this app is very easy to navigate and predicts how users like to surf!
Nice working app
A+++
Quick & easy! Great!
Bravo!
Bad
Very intuitive, nice interface, makes finding a good value easy.  Glad it's available.
The best
Great app for quickly getting prices.
Good price.
I travel 100,000+ miles per year, and this has to be the most user-friendly travel app ever.  Highly suggested!
Very convenient! Fast for searching for cheap flights and great interface!
Easy to use
Does what it says!
Love the fonts and the ease of use.
So user friendly and helpful with all the filters!
Easy to use and enjoy!!! Best offers and options!
Does what it says, more then I can say for most apps
The service is awesome and the interface is even better! Great and easy to use!
Great app easy to use. Great deals
So far the best app I've found to quickly check flight prices. Having the ability to sort flights based on my own travel times is a bonus!
A complete app! The only one that includes cars as well as hotels and flights :)
I love this app... Very easy to use!! And best pricing!
I'm new to using this type of app. So far so good....
Great app to check for lowest prices! Many improvements. Alert feature is awesome.
Love it!
Easy to book by iPhone too
好！
Nice app.
Thank you!!
Very useful
No complaints
Easy view, usable and fast.
Simply the best easiest app around for travel
Easy to use. Comprehensive. Versatile.
Very usefull
Helps me every time! Love the notifications
The price ranking goes down to a certain amount.
I never rate apps but after seeing how amazing this one was I had to give it credit.
Nice to have all airlines and travel sites to compare on one site.
This site is easy to use and very helpful.
The app tries to load on my iOS 6 device, but always shuts off after about 4 seconds after launching. Please fix this bug!!!!!
Best travel app
Love this app! Hasn't let me down yet.
Very organized and quick way to find cheap flights with many different schedules
Easy to use even for a techtard (like my daughter calls me!). Like me!
Cheap tickets, very easy to use. Thanks Kayak ❤
Great app would be better if it had the explore option
Very user friendly
Fast. Simple. Free.
really nice to travel for cheap
This is a quick and easy app, looks great!
Excellent app
this app is great. it's user-friendly & it finds me the best flight deals. can't beat that.
Very good and powerful app
Easy to use and WORKS....
Kayak app is great. The option of buying flights, hotels, etc, is Awesome!
Keep up the good work
I save lots a money thks;)
Awesome, clean, efficient. Perfect!! This app works incredibly well and is easy.
This app is so comprehensive and fantastic that I just had to write a review. Out of the hundreds of apps I've downloaded, it's the single most useful one I have. The flight component is just unbelievably powerful at finding what you're looking for, and fast.
great simple design!  so easy to navigate! love love love it!
Simple, powerful, reliable app!
Easiest to use, fast, saves ur searches. Literally perfect
Best Fare!!!!!
Great tool!
Easy to use I also like the fact that they show you the competitions prices and they have some pretty great deals
Love it it's a little more organized than the desktop version
Great!!!!
Best app for traveling purpose
Please fix the automated weekly fare alerts. They were awesome.
Excellent app: great interface, lots of good search features, well designed and functional. I have been very happy so far.
Best way to compare air and hotel costs!
Love it !!  You can find anything click click click. 😋😋😋😋
Can't imagine traveling or planning without Kayak!!
Great app!
Very handy resource, a lot more than a search engine for flights
Love using this app!
Fantastic and very useful
Best of the web reached best of iPhone apps.
This app works really great!!  Love that you can book a trip when you're out and about.
(y)
Good reference
Simple. Easy to use.
Very user friendly. i wish theyd update their landmark lists, but really Works Great!
The best
Best app I have ever used. Very convenient.
If for nothing else a great reference point
I always go on kayak to buy my plane tickets, it's always cheaper!
Love the price alerts! Really helping me plan my trip overseas.
I love this app. Whether I'm seriously planning or just dreaming this app is a great way to find travel deals. Thanks Kayak!
This is a decent app for comparing travel prices.  The older version was easier to use IMO.
Excellent
Good useful tool when trying to book my vacation!
This is the very best app I have used to find cheap prices on great hotels and flights!
Great app
Plenty of info. More pictures would be nice. I didn't get to use a lot before the review prompt.
Love this app, it's one of the most easiest apps that is out for traveling.
Clean and useful
Very useful!
Really intuitive app that is very easy to screen a wide variety of variables when searching for flights
really good,one of the best apps ever made for those who like traveling
It is so easy to use!! Love it
Amazing app and service.
Excellent app. Easy to use and great deals!
Amazing rates! Super fast! Absolutely love it!!
Kayak's gonna be my best friend for a long time.
Great
Great deals! Easy to use!
Dfw ams prg does not show any Delta connections
Great app... Easy to use
Apart from the basic flight search option, I'm a huge fan of the currency converter, flight tracker and price alerts. One of the best travel apps I've used.
This app is amazingly handy! Love it!
I like this app and have encountered no problems with it! It's user friendly and reliable as well.
Would like to be able to search cheapest fares within a month.
Great useful app for planning on the spot. Responsive and good choices especially for flights
Just great
Title says it all
I love how easy this is. The app goes fast, and produces good results.
It's really good and the beautiful desogn helps it a lot...
Easy to use and really helpful.
Convenient, easy to use
Kayak is absolutely amazing.
Very easy to use. Almost better than the actual website
Easy flight search
Fast searches, simple interface, and easy selection of options (picking flexible dates, refining results by duration, number of stops, airlines, etc). Also, has been very stable - no crashes yet!
Very convenient and easy to use.
Easy to use, fun and awesome!
Greate
As another reviewer mentioned, when set to 'find lowest fare', the price alert says no data found and to try again later- been this way since the last 'upgrade'. Please fix, kayak!
No longer need to use my laptop to find the best prices and times from the best website for finding flights! Definitely recommend to others.
Always helpful! Always great deals!
Awesome APP ! I use it when I need travel prices .
Excellent app!
This is a great app.
Super awesome, works perfectly, very helpful.
Great at planning vacations. Finds deals instantly.
It is currently one of best tool for airline tickets search.  It keeps the previous search criteria so you don't need to re-enter.
Nice design, efficient, simple to use!
I Really Like it. Strongly recommend it.
Great!
This is a great app!  Works great.
This app is solid! Love how easy it is to check prices for flights and book them!
Great app to review logistics and narrow down choices.
Loved at first sight :-)
Great app. !!!!
Def the bear travel app out there
Been messing around with the Kayak app for a couple weeks now. Went through a whole booking process just now with no issues. Very easy to use. Clean interface. Download it for your upcoming trip if you need a flight!
I use kayak exclusively for my travel. It is exceptionally efficient and saves me a good deal of money.
Works first time ...every time !
Great all the time.
the best app
Great app very easy to use!!!!
My only complaint is the inability to filter using "non-stop".
Love this App. Ideal for anyone that travels a lot and likes to get the fastest cheapest easiest deal around
Easy to plan long vacation/trips in just a few mins and know how much it's gonna cost you
Kayak provides all I need.
Love!
Great!
Kayak finds the best airline flights for me!
This app is so fast I love it! I can chk flights in seconds. Excellent job on this. Easy and fast so it's perfect.
Love this app.
Works very well.  Some apps are much more cumbersome on the iPhone but this one is not.
I use it all the time and it's easy to use!!
The title says it all!
Gr8 helpful app... Helps me to choose my flights..
Love the ease of this site and all the quick access to everything travel! I've used it several times for booking both airfare and hotels. Never any problems. Ty!
This is a great app up have to check flights and prices real fast. I have been enjoying it while waiting for a good price to fly to California to see my daughter. Thank you
Amazing you guys are amazing.
All in one travel guide
This app is super easy- always the lowest prices. Love!
Great app very easy to use. Very simple and effective interface. Booked tickets to Costa Rica in about 3 minutes
R
This app caught ALL THE DEALS! Last minute tix for my son and I to Chicago from Denver would've ran me $600+/person! :-( !  Long story short: Kayak got my son and I to the windy city for $418 total!
I find Kayak to be the most straightforward and responsive travel site I have ever used. I have removed all others. It is intuitive and gives great info. No need for others.
Every time it shows me a notification of a price alert it tells me to come back later and never shows it. It has only worked once. Please fix!!!!
As a bargain hunter, this is a great app!!!!
Awesome, as easy as the site
I always find the lowest price on kayak compare to all other cheap websites. Of course if time isn't an issue then Priceline is the place to go for another 40% discount.
Thanks Kayak team for the hard work!
Monica from Chicago IL
Very nice and useful, accurate app.
Most of the information I need in one place. One thing I would like to see is an explanation of what accommodations are at each hotel. If that were in the app, I would give it five stars. If it is in the app, and I just missed it somehow, I apologize for not giving it five stars at the time of this review.
Just uploaded this app. Able to find what I'm looking for. Haven't purchased anything yet.
When set lowest fare in price alert, it always show "no data was found for this alert! Refresh your alert or try it later/tmr". It has been like this for 2 weeks and looks like no one at kayak care about this issue!
Easy to use with great results!
Good app
Gives me a good idea of my flights
Helped me find good prices
It always works for me! 💕
There s no Arabic currencies
Needs to fix that
I can get lots of alternatives including +-2 days and alternate airports. Fast response and good details. Haven't tried features other than airfare
Great app love it so easy to use
No matter where I need to go, I can get all the info I need to know. & it's at a affordable price!
Love this app! So quick and easy to use
I've uninstalled and reinstalled this app several times hoping for improvement and no such luck. It is extremely slow and glitchy. I think I've only managed to complete a search or two without an error.
I love it! Saved us the hassle of comparing sites. Got a great rate. No problems at all with our reservation , quick and easy.
Time saver
Used to be the best flight tracker app, but now it takes nearly 1 minute to launch the app and almost another minute to launch the flight tracker option, even if just moving between apps. In the app world, that's an eternity, and there are other free ones out there that get the job done quicker. Would be great if Kayak fixed it.
Thank You KAYAK! 
Simple Flight Searches are the perfect beginning to low stress travel.
Best way to book your flight
What else can i say
A couple clicks and you're done!
Awesome app. Lifesaver !!
Great app
Kayak is my lifesaver!! This app is well made!!! Never any problems what's so ever!!
Kayak is a great tool to control travel expenses.
Comprehensive, good info, nice graphics and it works. Thanks, Kayak.
Easy to use. Gives u a whole bunch of options to choose from. Helps me save money.
Finally a decent app for checking airline fares. Love that I can search multiple arrival and departure on one ticket.
Very useful and stable.
Good app it helps a lot and also they give u an option to know if the price of the tickets are going down or up
Informative!
Lowest price for the ticket
LOVSSS IT VERY FRIENDLY .. RELAX POOL ..... BEAUTIFUL ND SPACIOUS ROOM ... BED OMGGG LOV DA KING ROOM ..... GREAT HOTEL GREAT PRICE ......
Sometimes slow to update
Very intuitive !
This is a helpful travel app!
I have loved KAYAK on my computer , now I can get my flights from my phone, love it!
Its a must app to have..
Love it..
The anytime travel price alerts don't refresh very often. Some of my anytime travel alerts don't refresh at all.
I book my travel while I travel.
Great easy to use app, really well though out interface and gets the best prices out there.
Helped me book my flights!!!
Always turn here first for best deals around
This app changes lives :)
Excellent App. Highly recommended. It does what it says it does.
Now it tells you if you should wait for a lower price!  I can't wait to try this new feature!
I love this app, I use it for work and personal use, and it is fast and reliable.
This is my favorite travel app by far!
I have used Kayak many times and I find it to be very easy to navigate through. I usually find the lowest fares through Kayak.
I love how you can compare!! Recommend!
Much more detailed than Priceline. It covers everything from flights to currency converters. All inclusive app.
this app is very user. friendly and easy to use.
The price alerts work great, wish I had a few more options to choose the alert but overall great functionality
Great app
The title says it all.
number one easy and fast
I always go here first. Used to use Bing but they used kayak software.
This App finds the greatest deals...
Easy to Use and Allows You to Check Other Sites
Useful, simple, one of the best apps I have
Works well
Great app
Awesome app, the best I have use
I've been planning a trip to Paris for the month of March. With Kayak's help I'm able to compare flight costs between different airlines, compare flight cost trends week to week and compare room rates between different accommodations! Thank you Kayak for helping me plan an affordable round trip!
Great App.
Love it best travel app
Love this app, I use it for all my travel needs. It's easy and simple to use.
Great app
I find great deals using kayak. This app is simple and very easy to use.
Use it all the time!
Can u guys add bundles like flight+hotel or flight+car
I like using this app. Easy to use. A++++
Good App
Good service by kayak!!
Pretty easy to use, fast and clear. Best way to look for travel plans on the iPhone.
Easy to use.  Fast
I like the app. It is simple and easy to use and very fast!
Extremely easy to use.
I use it for everything to travel my flights my hotel is my cars is the best app ever.
Great travel app
Great
Love this app!!!!!
Great app so far. Thanks!
Great app. 10/10
Great service!
Love it, quick and easy. Shows prices from other travel sites also. Easy to shop and compare all in one app.
Good stuff
Kayak travel info on the App : excellent photos, concise info on location/pricing better than guide books
This app is so easy to use. FYI - you can't book your flight through kayak, it takes you to the airlines site, everything can be booked with kayak.
Works like a charm.
Anytime I am looking to go fly somewhere, need a place to stay, or need a car I look here first. Always have a great deal.
very helpful & a good apps
You all have been very helpful in helping me plan my trip
So fast and easy to use! Perfect!
Hoorayyy
Found great deals no matter where I'm going!
Helped me so much find the most convenient and cheapest flight!! A lifesaver!
Easy to us and compare flights.
Very helpful.
The is a very functional and surprisingly easy to use app. I would rather book tickets with this app than my desktop.
I travel a ton and don't know what I would do without Kayako!
Worth using it 

Reliable and fast
Simple to use. All flight info right there for you. Nice filtering options.
Use this!
Almost as good as desktop version which is best travel application.

Would add filter by primary milage partners such as united milage plus.
Very nice
Kayak makes it super easy to book hotels. They have TONS of options and booking in cake.
Great job on the app
Great app, has everything in one place. No need to look everywhere to schedule a trip
Great travel research tool :)
I will usually check this app, but 9 times out 10 I find cheaper fares with better flight times through the actual airline site. For me that is AA & DL. This is even more true when booking a premium fare such as business.
Works well easy to use and very sufficient
This is my go to app when looking to book a flight or a hotel room. Does everything I want and does it well.
Works very well,
C
Wonderfully convenient
Quick, easy & gets the job done
I find easy to use and it has saved me money.
It's as good as it gets.
It's the perfect fast and reliable starting point to any trip
Kayak ACTUALLY showed me a cheaper price in their list of comparable rates for the same room on a different site.  Awesome.

Highly recommend this app. True to their advertised word unlike so many others.
Easy to use and read!
Fabulous resource to find travel essentials via comparative listings w/ sort & filter tools.
I love this app! I have found some wonderful deals on the Kayak app and also purchased cheap airline tics on this app!  A must for the seasoned traveler!
Really appreciate that prices include taxes and fees.
This app rocks!!! I needed a quick answer app and this is perfect! I can plan a last minute trip super quick!
Love having it on the go. I do wish it had the monthly fee calculator option that the full site has; we often flex our dates based on that.
To be able to easily navigate the app and find the best prices with ease was amazing. Thank you
It's quicker than using the Internet site
Quick, easy, intuitive
LOVE this site and the app for my phone ...😄😄
I am impressed. It works awesome!
This app constantly seems to have higher prices than other discount travel site apps.  I use it because it looks pretty and it gives me a good idea of what is available so I can look elsewhere on other apps.
The alert system is great and I got a great price on my trip from Seattle to Florida and now it's alerting me on price changes or our trip to Australia!
This app I fantastic, it gave me real solid info on what the price would be of traveling to where I want to go!!
Great
Great functions and options
Like the trip list and its options
Easy fast and cheap !!!
Love it.  Easy to use.
Very easy to use
Really great app
The best travel app
<3
Eh
This is a pretty useful app for the travel planner!
Absolutely the best and only travel app to use
By far the best travel app I've seen
Good App. Easy to use
Works well, quickly, and shows great deals.
I plan a Eurotrip this year, and Kayak brings ease of use and efficiency all to one place. Of course the version on PC will give you a few things that will save you a lot of money, this is great for buying tickets on the fly! It will save me $300 than I originally planned in fact so that's why I recommend it.
Ok
Unless your a real stick
Title says it all—great app
This is the only place I look when planning a trip!
Love the 2 day matrix search
I love this site;)
I like the app much more then the website!! Quick & easy!!
Plz include option for +/- 3 or 5 days also
Great layout and very easy to use
There's really no reason to have another travel app!
This app is very fast and easy to use. Evan quicker and more organized than using my computer. Home Run!!
refer above
Very user friendly, but not receiving notifications of lower priced flights as requested.
Best app to find best deals.
Very pleased with the results it produces. Handy and accessible when questions arise.
Love it, very useful and always works without any issues
Great app. I've use the website for years and now I see this is a slick application to check quick travel information.
Amazing.... Period.
This is a must have app for anyone who travels often. Huge money saver! I love it!
Truly, search one and done!!!
This is a good app but why can't you look up cruise deals and other deals like you can on the website? This app limits you to airlines, hotel and car rentals. That is my only issue.
Easy to use!
I like kayak because its quick and easy to daydream about where to go next (with a $dollar figure attached). Easy to book, too.
Best travel app I've found
Seems to crash a lot lately.  Right now it is telling me that the server is down.  A number of bugs.
Gives you all the information you need.
Fast and easy to use, great flight comparisons, and car rentals!
Awesome
One of the best app for online booking
Easy to navigate.  Got high marks in today's WSJ review of mobile travel sites
Suits my travel needs. One stop shopping . Love this app. Very quick results.
As always Kayak does it better!!!
Perfect for the phone!
Excellent app, easy to use. Best thing is  showing all the prices available from other sites too. 

Good to have : Option for a date range to compare low prices if change the date.
I probably use this more than I use my mail app
Accurate and easy to use!
Always comes through with the best rates.  This is it.
very smooth and efficient
My only choice for shopping flight rates
haven't tried purchasing in-app but flight search works great!!
Love this app! Best prices and easy to use.
Purchased ticket in-app, got charged, did not get a confirmation number or flight locator (Delta flight) Proceeded to spend two plus hours  hours just trying to get my money back. Will not purchase though this app ever again.
Love the app! Very user friendly.
VERY easy to use and navigate!
Really helps me fast!!
Super helpful
I always use kayak when booking flights or hotels. I never use any other site.
Easy to use! Love it. I check travel all the time. Great deals. Thank you!
Easy to use, it will compare other sites too
Awesome app .. specially on the go
Fantastic app.  It's quick and clean with no caffeine
Love the streamlined interface and price alerts
I use this app all of the time for flights!
The had some hack / scam on Facebook claiming free tickets for logging in on Facebook thru them just like Obama admin just another bunch of liars
Current update has been hung up downloading for a week.
Could be better by grouping the searches. And flexible date searches.
Love the app but could use a section for vacations.
Great app, a must have for any traveler.
Average. Not applicable to real-world applications.
The apps is flexible and covers lots of options.
Great interface, quick performance and excellent filtering options make for one great travel app.
The power of kayak's search engine and excellent user interface.
Easy to use and extremely helpful!!
Very easy to use. Awesome list of 5 star hotels.
Best travel app by far
Quicker updates than the monitors in the terminals
This app allows easy search for any destination and best of all, compares prices with other "cheap flight sites." Much appreciated!!
It's amazing and has helped a lot. Very effective and easy to use. Great app, highly recommended.
It's very useful and good deals on flights!
one of the best tools I've ever used for searching airfares. as I discover extra bells an whistles, like itinerary storage, I love it even more. top notch.
This app is amazing no matter what your looking for. I'm in love!!!!!!
Easy to use app that puts all the flights in one place for you :)
Super....!!!!
This app works great! I Everything you need to make for travel arrangements is right here.
This app is super… Great for the business traveler and/or planning family vacations. Cuts straight through many other confusing and ad-based travel sites and gets to the bottom line price-wise.
Easy to use, good overview
I was able to book flights and rental cars while driving to the airport in a rental car...
What can I say, it's a really good app!
Simple. Thorough. Fast. Great app!!!
I always use kayak for booking flights or hotels. Best rates out there!
Wujuuu
So helpful! Easy one stop spot for flights!
Love it use it allllllll the time
I have found this app to be more helpful than the direct Delta website! Great for last minute travel!
Love Kayak one and done
Fantastic app!
The Kayak app is a very nice interface for mobile devices with all the same features and finds as the web version.
This app is hot fresh dopeness. Save on time looking for flights. Narrow your search quick. Book quick. Jet Set. Go
This application has helped me and many of my friends book flights cars and hotels and it's very convenient. If you're planning to travel for whatever purpose you will see that Kayak is the best app for you.
Have used Kayak for years, love this app!
i like it. easy to use n fast search
Works like it should! Easy to find cheapest flight and book ticket!
Awesome for trip search
Perfect.
Recommend
The beat of its kind!
I have been using this site for years. It's great.
Still can't believe the trips screen doesn't store your data and instead requires an internet connection... Totally stupid and makes it worthless for travel.

Even worse, many versions ago they had this set up correctly and changed it...
Consistently the lowest fares and I love the notification feature.
Good, just in time for New Years lol all late.
It was fun using and finding the right info. Good job kayak.
Fast and well designed app. Great smartphone platform for a top website
Easy to use interface. User friendly. Has everything needed.
Great travel app, I like it more than Expedia app
Accidentally found this as 1 of the top 2012 *FREE* apps for iPhones on CNET Year-End Review (thank you CNET for the tip)! Immediately tried to use it for trip plans in March 2013. Was overtly impressed by ease in use, ability to filter & sort by travel options and found Kayak to offer even more options than the formerly used Expedia & for more reasons than I might rightfully name here! Lastly, for someone who believes I'm technologically disabled when it comes to trying new hi-tech options or apps, again I found this so easy to use that I was not at all intimidated ;)!!
Unstable.
Best app ever
Don't leave home without it!
The pictures and reviews are very helpful. Easy to use and fast.
Great app! Easy to use, too.
The filters are easy to use and convenient.
Convenient, super fast loading, and intuitive interface.  The way all travel should be booked!
Love functionality and selection.  Wish it has spot to save reward numbers.
Muy buena aplicación
Made planning my trip a lot easier
Easy to navigate.
This app is very helpful.  It eliminates a lot of the guess work.   Very good app.
I allways use Kayak to search my flights and hotels. You don't need anything else.
Kayak is the best app for comparing airfares.
It is very easy to use.
After running the same rental car searches on the website and the app, prices were consistently more expensive when using the app. It's definitely worth checking the website. KAYAK is still the cheapest for rental cars, often by far.
I use it all the time.    Makes it much easier.
This app is great. It's simple and intuitive to use. The alerts and saved history help make the process faster too.
Great app for finding vacation spots and more
No complaint
A great, must-have app!!
I loved kayak b4 it had an app and now... I'm crazy in love with it. It's easy to use, fast and understandable, I def prefer it over the AA app.
Easy to use. Always functions well.
Love it. Easy to use, functional, and fast.
Kayak never disappoints. Just booked three hotel stays for great rates and ease of use! Took about 10 minutes.
Perfect
Awesome app! Practically as good as the website. Easy to use and always functional. One of my fave apps on the phone!
Works well, wish the calendar feature was more intuitive
Has almost all the functionality of the website and easy to use
If you love using kayak online then you are going to love the app! If you don't know about kayak it's a good time to check this out! Merry Xmas & have a happy new year
First place I go to compare air fares. Very easy to use and intuitive 
Works flawlessly
Muoy calienté
First place I go to compare airfare and flight options. Saves a ton of time. Always works flawlessly.
Just made my 3rd plane ticket purchase this year thru Kayak. They make it so easy! I recommend this app to everyone!
Nice app to plan holidays and other stuff instantly
Muy buena la aplicacion
I would recommend this app
Excelente en la busqueda y muy completa aplicación! 
Meeee encantaaaa
KAYAk is owned by Priceline 
I fly much and have been hit
With bait and switch in past 
Buyer beware check the deals
On the airlines website before
Falling for any bait and switch
Hotel - airline deals that are 
Stated refundable but are
Really not refundable after 
The middlemen here get your 
Credit card.
Flights are overpriced, Megabus was sold out, last resort was renting a car. My friends checked multiple websites but we couldn't find a rental car we could take a one-way trip with out-of-state. So I decided "I finally have a reason to use Kayak!" Low and behold Kayak found us several cars that we could drive out-of-state that were well within our budget! Crazy thing is that they were all from the same companies that tried to charge us MORE in the beginning! I am more than satisfied :) Oh and the price they give you? Taxes were already included #win
Wow this app is amazing
It's a pretty good app! Nothing too fancy, but it does what it's meant to do. :D
It's perfect for someone who does a lot of traveling such as myself. It also works great with a low bandwidth connection. Doesn't need a lot to run properly. Great app and will always use no matter where i am in the world.
Like the app, but needs Explore option that's available on kayak full website.
Awesome
Easy to use app. I like that it saves flight search history for convenient reference.
It's best app I have ever seen. We use this app to book hotel on the way during trip
The functionality and filter options are great.
This app turned my phone into my personal travel agent, found best deals..thanks
So good!
It is very efficient and easy to use
Muito bom pratico e eficiente!
+ 2 day option 
Nearby airport
The app is easy to use and much faster than the web site on the iPhone.
Very useful! Don't have to wait to get to a comp to book a flight!
I love it. Makes my life a lot easier since I spent 80% of time traveling for work.

Highly recommend it to anyone that travels frequently.
Most of the time this is a great app. However, there are times I can go to the individual sites and find a cheaper price than what Kayak has said. Do some digging before you book.
Using it to consolidate my trip details - flight, car, hotel - and loving it.
Useful app
Helpful
Great App
Very useful app
I use it just for looking up flights, and I've never had a problem
Finds great rates and awesome hotels!
It is great app. Thanks
Great!!!
Love it!!
Nice
Greaaatttttttttt love itt <3 
                  HADI MAKKI
Great app
I love this app
Best travel app i've ever encountered!
Easy to use and understand
Good app
The only app I use to look for flights!
Good app exactly what you expect.
Good app
If you travel you need this app!
Perfect for making plans and trips
So handy!!
Easy to use
Really helped me get a quick accurate idea about cost for my travels and among my vacation accordingly
Was skeptical with an iPod app but the speed and detail are amazing. Great app !
I can use Facebook account to login in web browses but can't in this app, don't know why.
Awesome
Decent app. Has been useful to look up prices on the fly but I'd still rather use my computer to book.
Missing selection for children as passenger.
Sucky apps. Kept disconnecting. Can't find anything at all!!!!
The only app for your traveling that you need.
The prices that the app is coming up with do not coincide with the prices at purchase point
Very good app, generally consistent with their website. The app has a problem with the filters, which are excellent on the website. However, on the app, the flight time filters do not appear to work. This could be likely fixed by their programmer.
Awesome App!  Hands down the best app for a business traveler
Awesome app!  Accurate. Current.  Easy-to-use
This really helps me to find cheap flights.
Great app, very reliable
This app is great and easy to use with it had the monthly calendar layout with lowest price like web app
This is the app you need.
Incredible app, I totally recommend it to all who wants to travel !!!
This app is extremely reliable throughout all of their options. I found this app very helpful as a 1st time flyer.
Love it...it has very useful features!
Most important travel app. on my iPhone.
My most used app.
Have used all the major sites and this one just works better. Great app. Thanks!
Able to find the desyinations easily and design is very good!!
The best, thats all i can say
Very helpful when trying to determine which flights to take.
No complaints.
Great app. quick, user friendly.
Love this app it's very helpful
Cannot create account, email already registered. Try logging in.
Trying to login gives bad user/pass error.
Recover password tells me that my email is not registered.

Infinite loop of useless crap...
Just like the full website! Well done!
Love this app
Very good! U r nr.1!
Nice functionality!!
Love the new booking options and better Trips.
Everything you need to plan, modify, or research about trips from your iPhone. 

I have booked entire trips while sitting in traffic dreaming of the beach at that time.
I love this app very useful .
Very user friendly
Easy to use
Easy!
I primarily used this app to track flight status & gate changes.  Unfortunately, it's been slow to notify or doesn't notify at all any last minute gate changes.  On several recent occasions, I found myself sitting at what I thought was the correct gate only to find out that the gate was changed 15-20 minutes beforehand. So I will instead rely on the old fashion method of reading the flight status screens at the airport.
Good
Easy to use. Provided nice options
I like this app because it saves my previous searches and it checks for the lowest prices always. Definitely would recommend it!
Great
Very smooth operation.
This is a beautiful app. Searches work fantastically, fast, and it has a good interface. This is the app I use for my travel searches. Recommended!
Never had any issues with this mini version. Always works well for me and totally able to buy flight tickets. Love it for the conscience of just checking on prices and what not
Good info and good price
Sabaraqpita violou dopara a menina do cu grande
Vry useful app and easy to use
Simple and easy to use. I am very happy after using it for 6 months.
Its a incredible app...
Excellent site. Most up-to-date fare information.
The best traveling app
Very good web site.
It's good
Very user friendly! Great deals on flights! I like the app better than the actual website which isn't common!
Very nice.. Fast app
This thing is great for a person on the go!!!
Excellent site crazy fast searches. Highly recommend !!
Old version worked better. New version does not sort correctly.
DOPE.
Easy to use
Awesome
Nice app.
Very nice
Pretty good app.
Love the app!!!
Kayak saves me mad loot of flight bookings. It's also extremely convenient for hotel shopping and car rental. I'm new to this app, but so far, it rocks!
Excelente app!!!
Enjoying the app so far
Stable, great for flight research.
This app does everything you'd want it to do
I travel a lot and this App has saved me a bundle. Top marks all around!!
Best prices, friendly interface! Strong recommended!
Very handy application. I love how you can set alerts for the flights you like and it will let you know if the prices of the flights have changes or not. Very convenient.
The best app to travel
Simple to use and kayak tends to have the best deal.
Nice app
Wonderful app for traveling around the world .
The best app for booking flights. I love the feature that you can track the prices in a given time so that you can always find the best fare if your schedule is flexible.
Easy to navigate, really helpful!
It does the job perfectly well
Very convenient app. I always use this app before booking a flight or hotel.
Best app ever
Used only once so far and loved it. Easy to use, search different date, purchase, etc! Highly recommend so far. Can't wait to use again. D
Use it very frequently while on the go. GreAt App.
This app is user friendly and very convenient. Kayak has always been my favorite comprehensive flight search website. I was able to find a flight for under $100 at the time and date I wanted in less than ten minutes.
I have been using Kayak for many flights to/from Boston/NYC to India/Nepal/Thailand/Australia and I have always got the best rates. The mobile app is robust and functional on the iPhone 4S.
I have just planed my 3 weeks road trip with this application in my iPad mini, it can be easier to travel with such an app!
Great app for traveling. Very easy to use.
This has to be the best app for flight booking. Unbelievable! The world map showing the rates to possible destinations from ur hometown - just scored home run with world record! 
The speed in which it returns the results is amazing. Seems seamless. I could give 10stars if available. 

For some reason, I can't view anything in settings. Any reasons??
Super app
Kayak has made my traveling experience so much easier than ever before
Great to finally find a travel app that "just works". Absolutely perfect.
Vhcgj
I love it is a great team to have
Fast and easy to use!
Best site and app for all your travel needs
This is the best App for travel. Bar none.
I like it!
Works great
Good stuff
I like this app very much. It's so easy to find stuff in your palm.
Kayak is a great app to find amazing deals on Hotels, Flights and other things. I'm using it for my trip to Orlando and Japan.
The best app i love it
Works well
Use it all the time.  Simple and awesome!
Love it
Probably my favorite app. Nice and easy and I've used it several times buying tickets straight from the app!
Quick, easy and saves you a lot of $$
I absolutely love it, and it's super easy to use!
This is the ONLY app I use to search for flights because this is, by far, the BEST. I've already booked flights THREE times this year thru this app and searching for flights back home right this very moment. BEST prices, shows ALL available flights, and could NOT be any easier to use! LOVE IT!
Super useful!
I loved KAYAK before but this app. is silky smooth, efficient, and easy to use. It's a keeper :-)
Great ap. easy to navigate. The calendars are quick.
Saves me money every time and the format is easy to use.
Awesome web site and app... I'm always using it!
Awsm App 😍🌇🌆✈🗽🌃🌉
Almost as good as the website. Better than any other travel iOS app I have found.
Well produced. Good information other than just flights, hotels and cars. Easily navigated. Some thought went into this.
I am using kayak for two years and of course compare prices of the tickets from other sources too but so far the cheapest prices I can find are only here at kayak!
Why is Kayak posting misleading fares? For example, my husband just booked 2 fares on Spirit Airlines, based on Kayak's pricing. He wasn't told by the app he would pay almost $200 more for checking bags, using the counter assistance, etc. It is criminal! Misleading! And Kayak is responsible. Compare Apples to Apples, please the airline pricing system is confusing enough without Kayak omitting crucial details like the cost of a ticket WITH ONE BAG CHECKED. Please. Make listed prices reflect the same perks for every airline, create a standard for comparison and use it.
The Kayak app is an interesting example of an app that is actually better than its Web site companion.
The simplest, cleanest interface of any of the travel apps. Best in class.
I
This app not only helped me get the best flight prices but also the hotel prices. Came home for the holidays and as many know family time can get uncomfortable so I need a much sooner flight back to New York and a hotel for the next two nights in Chicago.
Nothing else compares to this app... true story.
Kayak App has all the great features of its website and is surprisingly easier to use.
Easy 2 use, fast,
This is a great app.
I use kayak ever since and this app was a blessing. However, I feel this app to filter different options than when i do on the web. But even though still shows multiple flights and finds best prices.
User friendly, works well, and makes life easier.
I like it
Get the best prices and tons of options...always!!
Really helpful, useful, and inexpensive fight tickets.
Easy, fast and precise.
I use Kayak when seeing what prices are available on flights. It's incredibly quick and has been incredibly useful.
Awesome
Accurate, clean interface and easy to share results.
This app is better for flight searches than Delta's own website.
Quick & reliable results!
Excelente App, Very useful!!
Easy to use and quick.
Best travel app out there!
Great app. Sometimes the itineraries don't make total sense. Also need a way to modify a trip after it has been sent to My Trips.
A very simple and easy along of the trip
Like it
Easy to use.
Good App Straight To The Point Efficiency
Works good sometimes, freezes on 4g etc.. Doesnt work when you need it too.
Found me the cheapest round trip.
One of the best time and money saving travel apps. I could play with this app forever! Easy, convenient, great design and amazing deals. Highly recommended!
Searching nearby apts is nice but I wish there was a way to narrow those down. I live in LA and I have results from San Diego to Santa Barbra. Those cities are both 2 hour drives. Burbank is as far as I'm willing to go.
A+++++
Great app.
Great app! Helpful and fast!
Use it all the time
Kayak is the best app to find flights and hotels. Always comes up with so much options. The app looks so slick and cool, I just enjoy playing with it. Definetly worth a try. You wont be dissappointed.
Can book my whole entire trip to India on my phone is great! Better than the online version
Best travel app!
Nice app!!
Search results appears in seconds.
Good app for finding flights
Good app to have :)
Freakin' amazing tickets!
Great app. Makes searching easy!
Best travel app cause it searches a few days before and after for the best price
Awesome
Won't load results more often than not on my iPhone 5.
Nice app   Very easy to use.
Very good app for searching for airfares . I am a frequent traveler and use the app often.
Amazing
Since finding this app I don't use those anything else, I just works great.
I almost exclusively use Kayak to book my trips... makes it so convenient!
I have used kayak for years and love it. The app is a little hard to navigate though.
Very helpful
This is the worlds best app. It makes my life on the road so much better.
Very easy to use. I just spent a few days searching for the perfect hotel on my laptop. I wish I would have known about this app because it's much easier to navigate!!
Awesome app. Very useful and easy to use.
App works great!! I booked my whole trip while in bed lol ;-) better then web page!!
Fast and accurate searches!
The user interface is clean and intuitive. Very responsive and is as good or better than the online version.
Good app. Love to prove friends wrong on here!
Easier than the website
best app for searching hotels , car etc
Super useful. Get it.
I enjoy looking up travel information right on the spot. It's really easy and quick. Filling out the information is simple and it's a great organized layout. I like that the map of hotel info pops up quickly.
Though the Kayak app is a trimmed down version of their website, lacking some of the more robust filtering options, it still appears to access the same databases, giving nearly the same results on the fly. 
A fantastic tool for those in a hurry, or wanting to do preliminary pricing research while away from their computer.
Very useful and like the rate change notification feature
Great app for budget focused travelers.
This app is very helpful. Makes searching for the lowest priced flights and travel packages very efficient and painless.
The app is very intuitive and user friendly. Everything flows smoothly and searching for flights is a breeze. I'll never purchase another airline ticket unless I'm using this app!
Useful
Very good excelente
Easy to use! Fast!
I give this app a five star ! Would not download any other app to see prices for flights ! I would highly recommend this app !!
It's quick and easy to navigate.
Easy to use. I recommend it.
It's a great & easy application, it is better than Priceline and some others
Love it!!
This app is great and its quick! I find flights from several airlines in under 40 seconds :)
Great app!
The only thing I don't like about this app is that is doesn't give the city and of the airport stops when looking for fares. Change that feature and you get five stars. 

This is a must have app for people who travel.
Good app, great UI, fully functioning.
I was told to download this app after going to there website on google on the iPhone, so i decided to download it.i'm glad i did because it's just like the website on the computer. I completely recommend this app.
Excellent app
Me gusta mucho la app de kayac
Very useful app. Love the interface. Never want to go back to using the web!
great app if you use Kayak
Very useful app
App is super easy and fast! User friendly!
Quick to search
Yep.
I haven't had one problem with finding a flight. I always rely on this app to find me the best rates!!! Absolutely LOVE Kayak!!
Awesome app, would love more features from actual site ..
Shwing!
Good
Kayak is awesome
Doesn't work
just come in handy, its perfect
This app used to be a lot better. Searching for flights have you a ton of options such as +/- days, multiple airports, etc. Not really happy about this app anymore.
Good to have!
This is a great app! I have been relocating and have used it for all of my travel needs while going between my old and my new home. It's a real time and money saver.
Kayak provides GREAT services in a complex world of planning. Planning which involves air, ground and water attractions.. Weather your on a trip for business or excitement, this is the app for quick cross reference. 
Saved my wife and I tons of time when planning our Trip to Hawaii and California. Our next trip we will defiantly be using kayak..
Very helpful for finding the cheapest flights. The only thing I wish was different is that I would like to be able to save a search or have a recently or commonly searched memory
Excellent app! A must for frecuent fliers. Works better than own airlines sites!
The perfect travel app. No more searching and comparing websites. Kayak has it all!
Isn't this the company with the "shop one and done" jingle? haha

My last trip, I used it and it was actually a time saver.
When i use my iPhone I find the prices rate much more that it is we I use my Disktop . bad management :(
Works amazing, and very helpful!
Best travel app ever. I travel loads and use it constantly. Best prices easy to use. Thank you so much.
Very helpful easy to use app. I use it frequently the information is clear and concise
Real easy to use Search one and done
I use it on the go all the time!! I love Kayak!
Even better than the Kayak website.
Works great on iPhone. Saves lot of time on flight search.
Super
Vb
Find cheap flights very good and Fast
Saved searches , easy to use
Convenient easy reliable
best app for searching cheapest line
Great.
I love how easy it is to use this app an how quickly it generates results. The app is also kind of fun to watch the status bar hoping that the prices will drop.
👍
👌👌👌
Always finding the best deals
App is fast and easy to use
Excellent , easy to use , good planning tool
Kayak is the best app for on the go searches of flight and hotel availability. Intuitive and exceptionally easy to navigate to return optimal results. Don't even consider the competitors anymore after using this app.
LOVE THIS APP!!! Have used it numerous times & satisfied every time. Gives you lots of options & VERY easy to use!
Fast response and lists multiple airlines for each search....wish I could set price alerts more easily though
Great way TO travel! And find YOUR relatives after Long time
It's really cheap :)
Great App for one stop shopping.
I like how easy it is to use
I think the kayak is the first cheap site and find good deals excellent 
Khan
Still one of the best ways to find the airline or rental of your choice!! Pretty much always the lowest prices on the Internet!!
Good info. Easy to use.
I've used this app several times and have been well satisfied.
Great app, easy to use and found us great deals
Love it! Easy to use && Fast results. Will recommend!
I have always found that Kayak provides the most up-to-date information in airfare, car rentals and hotels it's a great site.
Always the best prices!
I travel a lot, I mean a LOT! Kayak makes everything easier and as a price freak I always know that I pick the best value/money option for my trips.
Has all the features of the website, intuitive and easy to use. Saved at least $50 on my flight.
Good
Website with unbeatable prices
Easy to use. Solid.
Very easy to use, appreciate the descriptions of motel rooms!
Great looking, intuitive interface that gets me exactly what I need. So easy to use.
Prices are better then if u would call the hotel
Sooo easy to use it feels like Sunday morning
As easy to use as the online website.
Easy to use app.  Love it!!!
Quickest, fastest, old guy usable.
Super easy to use
Works well, is very fast and efficient.  I do prefer Hipmunk's results page; Hipmunk's visualization is easier to interpret.
Easy to filter 
Better then doing on laptop
App improves with each version. A must have app for the frequent traveler.
I am very new to air ticket bookings. This app helps me to easily book my tickets. The result navigation and look and feel of the app is highly professional. One stop shop for every traveler. Main thing is this app is free ;-)
So easy a caveman can do it
I have used Kayak for years. Recently downloaded the App for IPhone 5. It works well.
No complaints
Best travel app I've used
Great easy n convenient !!!
This app is so simple, and it finds great deals.  I like that it offers to compare with other sites.  A great research tool for travel planning on the go.
:)
Easy to use, better and faster than my PC.
I'm SO happy with this app!
The Kayak app is excellent. Downloaded it, opened it, and had a trip planned to Chicago within about 10 minutes.
I love the app.......😍😇😍💯✈
I like it, very handy
Good app
Great app. Lets you sort by various filters and gives you multiple times/prices to best suit you're needs.
I find everything and from everywhere flights hotel and much more ... Is really a great app for travelers like me
Always gives the best price. Searches all airlines. Easy to use.
Recommend 100%
I've been playing on here for 20 minutes and I must say... This app is VERY user-friendly! Easy to change airlines, dates, connection amount... Very nice app.
One of the easiest apps to use. Super quick response and has all the information right there and also shows the competitors prices!
Great app!  Very fast, accurate and user friendly. Like it better than the website.
Works for me!
I freeking love everything about this app , I love that you don't have time to waste filling in info you have auto fill ,and can remove it when your done  !!!!
Love the app!  Super easy to navigate and quick response time.
Extremely user friendly and fast. One star off because price from the alert doesn't really match when you actually make a booking in 24 hours from the time you received the alert.
Easy to use & showing good deals.  Filter & sort options are great.
No more alerts, when I go to book the flight the price is nothing like what the search found. Pretty useless
Faster than the big names
Great app
Really great work. I know why Priceline paid so much for you.
Good
Love this app!
App is great. Easy and quick
Everything you need!
Why go anywhere else when kayak has all that you need! Amazing deals! Thank you for making it possible for me to travel!
It's aight.
This app is easy to use. I use it whenever we need to book flights. Never crashed on me. Fast and convenient. Oh and I always find good deals for flights!
Unbeatable!
Excellent
.
Easy to search, lots of results plus lots of reviews and information on hotels. What else do you need?
Very useful!
Very useful app and works great
Better than all the other popular travel site apps
The easiest way to get everything done for your travels.
One of the best applications available.
It's great to have on phone.
i've saved tons of money with kayak and the mobile version is great when you can't get to a desktop. nice job with iPhone 5 release.
Very easy to use. I love just searching around for good deals.
Love it!
I saved a bunch of cash on a flight I had to get on 1 day notice!! I'll never use another app other than Kayak!!
Been taking advantage of the great prices I find.  ;)
Never had an issue with this one.
Love it!
I ONLY ONLY use this for travel
Once you get usef to the user interface, this app is totally amazing.
Great App
It has everything u need unlike other apps!
I love it easy to use.
Great!
I wish all apps were this streamlined. Set the bar.
Easy and simple to used I love this app it's number one
The filtering and sorting tools make comparing travel options a breeze. We use it mostly for hotels and the ability to book through several websites without leaving the app (built in browser function) adds to the convenience.
Great
Excellent app. Does most of what I would expect it to. And the maps are an added bonus.
Simple and easy to use.
Simply stated I love this app. Easy to track and manage flights! Would def recommend it if you travel a lot : )
Good app for managing trips
Easy to search flights, but the real value is the My Trips feature. I use it every time I travel to track all my reservations including rentals and hotel confirmations. I'm emailed updates on flights which has let me know about delays that have kept me from wasting time sitting in airports waiting for delayed flights. Highly recommend.
Big fan of the website on the computer.  Would love to use it on the iPad but it keeps shutting down as soon as I open it...have NEVER been able to use on the iPad unless I pull up the website on safari.
Wonderful app I like it very much very very helpful.
Prices don't match at airline sites... Can't book the trip I found via app.
I love it, very useful. I don't travel without using Kayak first.
Nice App
Wonderful App!!! All the features are great and neatly presented!!!
Better than most. Not as good as their web site.
Love it
Great app
Great app
Great app, easy to use!
It's a great app to have when you are looking for a good price on a flight, hotel, or rental car!! It's easy to navigate through, also!!
Def recommend it!
Pretty quick results, no annoying pop ups and easy to use. Thumbs up
Excellent
Very useful for work travel
Easy to use and easy to book
I use this to get a quick gauge of prices in a pinch and it works well.
I like it
Hope they will develop it further and add more authentic features !
A great app to have if you travel.
Does what it's suppose to do. Good for taking advantage on those flight deals!!
I love it, It's amazing thanks
It's a great app! Very helpful, each of the features come in handy. Try it, you won't regret it :)
Loved it helped me plan my trip to El Salvador
I really like the way it works.
Very helpfull
A++ app
User friendly, easy to navigate. Love having pictures slide show of hotels!
Huge time saver for my last minute plans.
Great app. Saves time
Great app. Works in my 4s :)
Haven't used it that long, but what I have, it's great! Don't see an issue at all!!
Cool navigation and easy user friendly app.
Saved me lots
Very good app!
Easy to use. Easy to navigate. And you will get all info needed
Seems legit!
Easy to book a good deal on a hotel!
Complete info and lots of options presented.
Gets the job done seamlessly
Just as useful as the desktop site (if not more so). My go-to app for hotel & flight info.
Easy to use. If you are traveling a lot you definitely need this app
Only improvement could be the flexible dates on flights. Otherwise I'm a super loyal user of this company. Best by far.
Checking multiple things at a time made easy.
Its ok
Searching & booking made fast, easy and very convenient!
Good way to look for great prices
Awesome app. I use it alot.
The best!!! Awesome!
I like this app very much and use it often.
I enjoy being able to check airline prices quickly and flight status.
I really love this app but right now I'm trying to do a search with flexible dates which produced results, but when changing back to specific dates, the previous results remained, despite shutting down the app or trying another search before going back to it. I faced the same problem on both my iPhone and iPad and it makes me angry to encounter such an odd problem in an otherwise flawless app. Please fix, thanks!
Easy, fast and helpful! Much easier then using a computer!
Best price
Fantastic app. I prefer it to searching on my computer.
Pretty well-made app!
Works fast, I use this app now all the time for flight searches and booking.
great!!
Very good
Don't waste your time with any other app.... This covers it all transportation needs, so look no further then this app. Easy to use.
Very Very Good App You Choose When        You Want To Fly
Good
Good
Great app. Can do a lot of various things great for travel and last minute bookings too.
Excellent
Always check here first simplest and effective'
Excellent prices and hours!!!
A.
We use this app weekly for family, solo, and work travel. Super simple and incredibly useful.
This is one of the best apps on the iPhone. Well designed, fast, polished, and very, very useful if you travel a lot. If only all my service oriented apps were this good. The specific airport info you get with the Pro version is great. Worth paying a little extra for.
Probably one of the best apps to search for airfare. The programming mimics the website and craftily adapts to the iOS GUI quite nicely.
I like it a lot!
Best out there!
Finds the absolute best flight deals every time!
excellent!
Wonderful
Works perfect !
Cool
Very functional!
Great updates and easy interface!
Has lots of useful tools!
Very happy with this app, works well.
Easy to use and as good as the website.
It is the best app ever
Love this app. !!!!The best when searching flying fares!!
Very useful app can't say anything negative about it.
Super helpful to have this right on my phone and my tablet
Savin' the bills!
The only travel shopping app you need.
Love
Nice app
Fast easy helpful what more do you need
I use it mostly for airline tickets.  My wife still uses Orbitz.  It takes her longer  and she does not find as many cheaper flights!  I like Kayak and use it on a regular basis.  It has not crashed or done anything that it is not supposed to do.
Awesome app, very helpful at least for the flights which is what i use all the time
It has got all I can think of and more
Free version is pretty good.
Love it!
Good could use more day filters on +\- day searches
Yeah its easy to use and all, but the app does not give you the lowest price! I'll have one price on the app that is $70 more expensive than the actual website on a computer! Ive even checked it five different times because i couldn't believe i would have saved myself almost $100! I am SO disappointed..
Love it!
Cheap and easy access anywhere I go.
Easy to use, functions well.
Very easy to use.
Good for booking flights
I just love how easy it is to easy kayak apps and how fast I get the information I want...will keep on using it from now on!!!
Love it!
Great app...love it for on the go
Always helpful when on the go.
I love this app. One stop search for hotels, don't have to search the rest of the sites. This app does it for you.
It's clear and useful . Very impressive
A pretty good little app.
Just about perfect.
This app no longer works. As soon as it starts calculating prices it freezes and the closes out. Disappointed bc I always use kayak. I'll have to look for a new website
Very comprehensive and worldwide coverage with up to date info....
I luv it and use it always.
If you like the website you will love this app!
Saves me money and time.
Awesome. Great prices.
This app is a must have if you are a traveler that doesn't like to spend top dollar for their tickets!! If you like to waste your money and buy the first expensive ticket you see then please by all means do not download this app - otherwise you'd be a fool not to....it is such a great and easy tool to use on your phone/iPod/iPad to be able to compare many airlines/hotels/car rentals all at once and then get the best bang for your dollar.
Easy to use
Just a ok app cause it advertises find low prices on hotels and have found them way cheaper on other sites
Doesn't let you do a specific search and doesn't give all details. Wouldn't recommend for big trip
Love the app and the UI. Slick and simple and clear. 

Price alerts setup is confusing though and prone to errors. Email. Notification. Daily. Weekly. Ugh. Show me a simple list. 

Also, the alerts I get seem to highlight the result in USD but show the currency indicator as the local currency. Bug.
Quite stable
Easy to use, great for quick travel plans!!
This app is great for any type of traveling plans! I continuously use it for booking hotels and flights and it always gives me the best prices. It's also very easy to use and has great options
Far more usable and quick than web!
You can tell kayak put some money into this app. Very high quality, and easy to use!
Great app! Use it all the time.
Great interface with awesome filter options
Very easy to navigate. The Best travel search engine!
Best app to book your flights...Such a great help when you want to book your flights on the go... Great user interface!!!
Great format easy to use
This is even better than the Kayak web site.  Great app, a must have for any frequent traveler.
You do not need anything else to book travel reasonably!!  Best app ever!!
No complaints!
:)
This is the only site I look at when researching flights/hotels. The filter options are great.
I love this app! It helps me a lot...with all my traveling...
The easiest and fastest way to look up flights. Loveeeeee it. Always checking ticket prices with this app!
Love it. Use it for 100% of my travel.
Love this app for all of my travel needs!!!
Why even though I removed the +/- 2 days option from the search does it still use it when returning results. I tried to search from 1/2 to 1/5 but got everything from 12/31 to 1/7.
Fast, simple and easy!
Love this app, works fast and so easy to use
Best way to get good rates!! I use it a lot!!
It's really easy to use
Very helpful!
Easy to use
who needs a computer when its all at your finger tips
Great app!
Has never let me down.
Amazing app!
So far very pleased
The subject tells all.
Love it!
nice app
.
Kayak has saved me lots of money!  They have the most current rates for many different airlines.
Great
Works just like it should!!
:)
Easy to read, easy to search & love that I can share a search!
Kayak is the one stop shop in you're on the goal.
This is a good thing to have
Just use it! Great for flights, hotels etc.
Easy to use. Lots of useful info for planning a trip.
The best travel app, love how u can just forward your flight or hotel confirmation and it's added to your trips.
Excellent app! Better than expected!
It is very useful
Do not need to look any further, it is a time saver.
Nice, easy, user friendly and fast!! Great app!
With this app I am able to constantly dream about the places I could go. And the low prices that it offers allows me to plan for them! 10 stars
Works good.
good booking tool
Love the facts you can search for a trip, email what you've found to others, and even set up alerts when Kayak finds a better price for that trip.
Great
+
Love this app! Searching for deals is sooooo easy!
This is a great deal finding website! I use it all the time :-)
Very helpful for flights and hotels and very accurate! Luv this app.
I use it all the time for research and/or booking.
😍
Great app graphic and option wise. Don't buy the Kayak Pro though because it has barely anything different than this one AND you can do kayak on safari too at kayak.com.
I LOVE IT. One of the best apps I've downloaded
Keeps getting better & better
Always worked well for me.
Now I can finally plan all my trips using this, the hotel reviews is the best of it!!
Great splash screen app, nothing else loaded
I'm glad I'm not Mr. Reardon. Kayak is always helpful.
I like it. Good app!
This is definitely more interesting than I expected.
App is pretty good but I do wish it could update u more then 1 a day when prices change
Excellent for quick searches. Simple & helpful features such as recent searches & filters that help me sort & examine flight options.
No problems.
Awesome
Works for my needs
Only complaint is that it often fails to book through the app.
Very useful and appropriate for quick searches.
Amazing app! Very helpful!
Always helpful
If your looking for a fast easy way to find flights and hotels, this is it
Kayak
Easy enough, convenient app
This app helps plan out my trip as easy to the touch of my fingers.
All of the other airline & travel booking apps don't compare to Kayak's. I can choose Muti-city when booking flights (NONE of the competing apps did this!) This app keeps it simple but has every feature you need!
Easy to use.
Must have
:)
Awesome new and simple design. Fast, simple to use. Too bad airlines adopt adopt this easy of a system. :)
Easy to use and really helpful
This app is just easy to use and easy on the eyes.
Best site for searching flights and hotels!
💛💛💙💚❤
Reallynice
Easy to use ! Saved me a lot of money
This app has helped for trips all around the world!
Love using this app
Everytime I pick the lowest priced flight, it sends me to the 3rd party site and says "flight no longer available at this price, it's now 1200 (basically 300 more). It does this everytime. In fact. If you don't believe me , try this search right now. 
Seattle to Bangkok January 18th 2013 with return flight feb 1st. It'll say $878 but you can't actually get that price. Ridiculous.
Love this app!
Beyond the obvious helpful and well done features of flight searches, kayak app has some really great stuff packed in there. You can manage price alerts, see ANY itinerary you setup, cars, hotels, live flight tracking and times, and a ton of other great travel features. Love it.
Awesome
Great app, wish it had package deals to choose from though.
Kayak always makes looking for a hotel or flight super fast. The app is easy to use and I love how easy they make it to compare prices!
it's simply fantastic
Awesomely designed app
Great application, amazing tool you will have ever!!!... We do live concerts and this tool is like an assistant working for us!!!.... Good job!!
I use this site every week and it always the best site
Clean app no problems yet.
Really easy to use, like the fare watch/alert feature. Saved me about $80!
To me, it's a good app. The search is quick and you can find cheaper flights..
This app is awesome!  Within 20-30 seconds, you can find the lowest prices on flights to your most recent of impulse travel destinations!
First time using this and I can say I got excellent prices that are affordable.
Great app to check rates. Super fast
Fast, easy to use, great prices and beautiful UI for the iPhone 5
This app works great. I use it to double check prices they are usually the best
Best fare finding app on the market right now.
Easy to use. Great prices. What more can you ask for?
Very helpful app! Easy to use
Have stayed here four times... Different room style each time.... Studios and suites are very nice! Clean and well-designed.
Love this app! It is so helpful!!!!!
Best
Easy to use.. Best prices.
So useful! I love it!
Very easy to use. Much needed app.
Fast and useful application
I just got this app for my 3rd generation iPad thinking It would be great. My first search, I tried looking up a flight from Detroit to Boise. Everything was smooth.. Then.

All search results were locked in Euro currency only. 
The Options/Settings button is blank and doesn't work. 
My search showing roughly a 350€ ticket price is actually 1400€ when I click to buy ticket. O_O What?!
When I go to put in my address America or U.S. isn't even an option. 

I think I'll just stop using the app and use the actual website until these issues are resolved.
Useful app!!
Fell in love with it. The app works better than a PC.
This is a great reliable app, helped me tremendously save money on trips
I check prices for my flights and always get the most convenient deal
Total crap.  It gives inaccurate prices.
Easy to use, simple and quick
I love this app but somewhere in the last few updates they changed the email alerts from awesome to awful. Please bring back the previous email alerts!
Just amazing !!! Very fast and very easy to use thanks a lot
Great when it's working but crashes A LOT.  It's crashed so many times today I can't even get through an entire list of hotels in one city.  This is very frustrating!
First class site. Expedia pales in comparison in terms of ease of navigation and sorting.
A must have app
Easy to use and nice interface
I love all the choices it gives from different airlines, I wish it did though carry some of the smaller airlines, but all in all love it!!! Also love the price alerts!!
Great app. Wish they would include greyhound and train tickets as well
get price alerts on your iphone and find flights etc real easy and fast.
This is crazy for flights !! 7,400$ for round trip BOS-AMN- BAS ??? Really
Great fast tool to benchmark prices. I use it often and nearly always use a Kayak option when I buy.
This app is the whole package👍👍👍👍👍
Easy to use and allows a range of days.
App
I love my Kayak app. I use it every time I go to NYC. I book my flights here every time. I've even got my whole family hooked onto the website and app.
This is my favorite travel app b/c it has so many features & is so on point!
What the heck, months ago I downloaded this app on my iPod and now I'm trying to download it again and it's not compatible. I hate this. Such a great app but I can't put it in my iPod....
Great app
This is a fantastic app that I use for both business and personal travel. It saves hours of searching he web for deals. Plus it often finds deals I don't.
This app has slows out major. I had to fly to Kona Hawaii and I got the cheapest possible flight.
I love this App because I travel a lot and its great for quick searches.
Great for airfare ticket summary
You can find way more cheaper flights on the internet then on the app itself !!!
Very good app!
I am happy with it.
Using it for the first time... I feel like I can still find cheaper flights but I will keep trying.
Does its job, but everything about this app is super slow.
Easy to navigate. Easy to use!
Helps me find awesome low prices
:)
Love it  it is a credible website to look for cheap hotels on the other hand there are not many choices to see
Great app has gotten even better. Thanks team!
Awesome app to have for traveling
Easy to use and fast!
Very nice app, works well in 3G connections, hassle free.
FACIL DE USAR E VERSATIL
Not just adult options but have infant , children or seniors to fix the price of flight tickets
The web solution asks for children age, while this app does not, therefore the prices shown differ to the point that the web results are usually cheaper. Need to fix this issue on the app ASAP.
I recommend it
I try to filter the flys but it's impossible !! So sad
This is one grate app, saves time and give options.
It's very cool app to compare price of hotel, flight and everything. I love it!
I found the best prices in this app hotel or flights thanks.
Great search filters but then the end result most of the time is "prices not available".  I'm going back to Priceline.
Excellent application just need some more places to check in
User friendly, totally useful.
Must have this app in your iPhone ! amazing well design and very easy to navigate through. It has every thing you need from booking flights to even a check list for what to take with you in your journey.
Great app. Flexible dates would make it a 5 star.
Easy to use displays information in an easy to read format
Excellent!! I just wish it allowed for flexible date searches.
This app is terrific
Easy to use, quick, and quite helpful.
I use Pro version on my iPhone and love it. Need one for the iPad!
Great app! Use it weekly
Easy to navigate and notifications on price changes are great and essential!! Recommend to anyone who plans on traveling by air
Well made, intuitive, fast, accurate, easy, clear. + a ton of helpful things like trip packing list, etc!
This is one of the best apps ever!
Awesome app!
Excellent app the best I have ever use accurate
Very very useful and intuitive.
easy to use
K
I find this app very useful.
Awesome app!
I really enjoy this app 
Can't say enough good things about it.
So far so good
I have been using this app for a while and love it.
Good app
Works well in all regards.
This is perfect.
Super easy to use and also quick.
I've been recommending it to all my friends.
Easy, straightforward and works great.
I use it all the time 
Love it! Use it for all of my trips
App does what it says.
When looking at hotels you can't switch pages to view the next set of hotels
Very nicely done.
Love this site!!!!
I was expecting something really good and I got what I wanted.
A must-buy for almost anyone.
Kayak is a must have iOS app for travel!  Whenever there is a flight I need to get a quote for, I head over to Kayak. It shows me all the competitive prices and even includes the airline's fees. It can remember your info and auto fill the booking info (if you set it to). Also, the fact that they optimized for iPhone 5 makes it even better. I would definitely recommend.
The most used app on my iPad.
This application is very convenient.
This is such a well written and complete app.
Sex
This app works great for me
Overall, a great app.
My trusty Kayak HD iPad app just told me it was being retired and I had to download the new Kayak app. What a disappointment! The new app is all about wasted space and doesn't show anywhere near as much information as the old app.

For example, Kayak HD showed me a map of the locations, so I knew I had the right airport. Kayak HD fit 15 results on a screen, now just 6.
Belz
A must own. Works as they said it would!
This app is pretty much what I need. Get it.
Thanks for the great app.
I love this app. So so much.
easy to use
This app is so great!
Works
Very good app to search for cheapest tickets. Gives lots of info.
I use this app all the time and I love it, the cheapest flights I ever find and easy to keep track of with this app. More than worth it :)
Highly recommend it.
This app is just awesome. nuff said.
I use this app a lot and very satisfied with it.
Easy to use. Everything you need
Couldn't be better
Does what it says it does.
I tried the Delta, United & AA apps... $670 round trip.

Kayak...$270.

SWAG
The besttt prices for last minute flights!
I love this app and I use it all the time. Get it!
This is easy and simple to use, but does not always find the cheapest rates. I definitely recommend searching here first, then spending a few minutes on some others to compare.
Use this all the time.
Very convenient
Just love the My Trips function! Everything simply works. The flight tracker is super useful too. How can you not like it?!
I will probably not ever buy plane tickets over phone, but to get a quick look on the current ticket prices to international destinations, this us the best app out there! Over LTE, it just breezes through search. Love it.
Thanks for the great app.. Good job.
This is one of those companies that had a great idea and some help in execution a while ago and now fast declining in all aspects (i guess they only do one thing, gather all travel search engines and present a list at one place). The results are inaccurate and web/mobile apps are very poorly tested , i travel every week and started to use hipmunk and individual airlines sites than this stupidity called kayak. 

Just a small advice, instead of modifying interfaces every month concentrate on the content quality. No one asked you to change the UI once a month. How can i search an itinerary from DC to ATL with inclusion on nearby airports and get one search results and you filter out another 250 results without me touching any other button.
The best app for iPad.
Easily one of the best apps out there.
Everyone should have this app.
I've been trying to update one of the versions since July. It never works. About had it. Good thing I have other apps that do similar things.
Just like the website, the app meets all my needs! (I use it for flights only.)
 It's one of the few apps I use every day.
This is the best ever
This is my favorite app.
I would recommend to it anyone. 
Very convenient to find about Hotel & flight details. Thumbs Up!!!
Really good, user friendly and easy to learn user interface. Amazed by the simplicity and efficiency of the app. Highly useful.
This app rulz!!!
This app exceeded my expectations.
User Friendly - awesome!
Does what I need it to do.
Just what I have been looking for.
It does what I want.
Very easy to use, great tool
Great App I use it for business travel.
I'm using this app daily. No complaints.
I'm on the nth and most recent version of kayak and this app still crashes or - if I'm "lucky" returns 0 flights.  Funny, if I run the same search on the website, no problem.  I hate this app and can't figure out why such a good site continues to put out such a crappy product.
It is AWESOME!
I use this to look up potential flights and it is a quick and convenient interface
Awesome App which saved me. Couple hundred dollars! Easy to use and nice to own
Excellent app.
I love the interface and the whole lot.
Totally worth downloading.
I like using the app to compare when I can fly out and plan ahead
It works like advertized.
The only app I use to travel!
this app is very good.
Simple but very good!
This app works just fine.
Love this app. On the go and booking travel all the time. Plus getting the best price!
This app is great
I don't use any other app to search for flights/hotels
has almost everything you need
This app does everything you could want when comparing flights. Minimal advertising is the best part!!!
Works well and provides all the information in an easy format.
Great app for traveling especially for flights and hotels. I downloaded the hotels.com app and will never use it again after this one. Very well laid out and easy to use.
Literally, one of my top 5 apps. 
Comes in handy all the time.
Too good app... Really fast with cool UI
It's a very useful app. I search flights all the time and it's works well. I have had problem with hotels where it shows prices as $-1 which just means it doesn't know. It also gets very slow sometimes and doesn't show all available hotels/hostels/motels in the area requested.
Really the best quality, best UI you are going to find in a travel app.
It's amazing how much power you have over your searches on such a small screen!
This app is the app I was looking for.
Great app! I never book flights using a computer or travel agent anymore.
One of the best apps around.
I love it!! Great App. Very useful and easy to use.
Works like a champ
One of the top apps for my iPad
It is ok but you cannot filter for stops for example, so for me it is useless.
I have had this app for awhile. I finally got chance to use it and it worked great. I would recommend to any traveler it a must have.
It just works, easy to use and very quick. I always come away impressed and its more than just finding flights, also stores my trip itinerary and keeps all my confirmations together. Great, useful app.
This app is very easy to use from search to reservation
Very fast, great prices and choices!
I love and use this use app all the time.
This app is so amazing.
Thanks! Yes this is a very useful and helpful app.
This app comes in handy when I need flight info on the spot! It's fast and easy to use.
I use it on my iPad and have no complaints.
This app is amazing
Very easy to use. I use it all the time.
I think this app is great. Well done.
I really like this concept
Excellent, full-featured app with a great interface
Best travel app!
Works great
So simple and easy to use!
I am actually in the limo business I can't  how useful this app was when I first started, even though sometimes I had to figured out the landing terminal, I would still give a 5 stars...,!
Best on the market 
Love using this app. It makes the hardest thing about travel easy.
Love it
This is no doubt A+++ app.
Very good to have. I use it very often.
I would recommend it to everyone.
I would not be supporting this product if it wasn't good  it is.
This is a great app.
I absolutely love this app and suggest everybody should get it.
Love It!!!!
this is a good, functional app. i do wish i could bookmark results, though.
Some minor functionality enhancements would be helpful, though.
Cool graphics
I haven't had it that long but seems fine! No issues.
So easy to use. Seem less integration w other sites. Love it. Bye tripit.
Simple to use with quick results! I love this app!👍
Does what I need it to do. Nice!
Well thought out.
Simple, fast and works as expected!
Always works great!!!
Awesome app. Get this!
Happy with it.
i love this app
Makes life eAsier
I think this is a great idea
Great prices with choices!!
Easy to use. Planned 2 recent trips to vegas y nyc with ease. I don't quite understand how2 set-up and use the "my flights" option. Wish there was a help button to explain. Overall, fantastic App recommended by apple store 
wkshop pros!
Thanks for taking us out of the Internet flight booking world 1.0. This is how easy every flight search should be. Hats off to you developers and app architects!
It is a good app. I recommend it to all iPhone owners.
I always book my flight at my convenience and through my phone. I absolutely love it.
Been using for a long time and still the best one out there
great except when u filter flights to soonest arrival it just filters it by price
You won't believe how functional this app is.
I want to say that I find Kayak by far the easiest way to find affordable flights fast.
Thank you !
Way bomb.com app
Has all the little extras to help find the cheapest best flight in one search. Not every site has the option to search nearby airports and flexible dates at your fingertips. You are provided with so many options. Its great.
Kudos to anyone who developed this.
Great app
Probably the best app that I have ever downloaded.
Lots of hotels to pick from.
The funny this about this app is they lie about seat remaining and i know you guys do it for ur business but guys, come on now be honest. Anyway good job. Keep it up
Nice App. Ease 2 use.
Does this work with the new passbook app update for the iPhone?
Perfect.
Have been using  it for a while. Works excellent.
I really like this app. The more I use it the more things I find to love it. 
This  app it's very comfortable and secure to get any flight you wants and great deals
Works good. Easy. Super handy while traveling.
Great app
Only place I use to travel on my own
No disappointments here...Easy to navigate..Quick and accurate...
Works as described.
Love it! Works perfectly every time.
Great app to have! 
I love this app and have used it daily for several weeks.
This is an amazing app
It very easy to use..
Love it!!
It seems pretty good so far.
Very useful to find the best deals on the road
I've had this app for the last few days and I just have to say I love it. 
Very very useful.
Nice App. Easy to use
This app is definitely a MUST HAVE. 
Five thumbs way up!!!!!
Best app ever. I have been using it for 
the past 3 years and it has been 
awesome. I use it for flights hotels 
and car rental. 
Thank you kayak!!
Fast and to the point. It really is "search one and done".
I love this app
I use this app every single day and couldn't live without it. 
Thumb up!
I'm on a road trip coast to coast and so far this has been the best alternative to google, which has more info but also not as streamlined
The app is great for finding good prices and sorting through options. The one problem is glitches that seem to happen too often when booking flights, hotels, and such. A number of times I have gotten to the very end of a booking, and the app (the web site does it too) hangs for a lengthy period of time seemingly to confirm the reservation. After some period of time a message pops up saying something to the effect that an error occurred and to try again later. That's aggravating enough it isn't always necessarily true that the reservation wasn't booked. Sometimes the booking did occur and the error message was... well IT was the error. One time I responded to the error message by going back through the booking process only to end up with two identical reservations on an airline. Luckily the airline didn't put a fuss when I asked them to cancel one of the reservations.
I think this is a really good app that really does work! :)
This is a great app! My kids love it.
I STRONGLY recommend this app
This is a great app use it a lot to check prices on flights.
I simply love the detailed flight itineraries. Not every app/website offers that.
The most efficient travel app out there.
Seriously, this app is so much fun. 
Great App. I use it all the time!
But have not tried booking yet.
Really good app...
Very easy to navigate through.
Works well, no frequent crashes, like
Love the app
Try it once you'll be hooked
Great app, very good  design
Best app of the sort out there.
This app is amazing.
This app is perfect for us.
Thank you very much.
And I love how easy it is to use
I really like this app. Very nice.
If you want to know how awesome this app is, try other apps of the same categories to make a reservation! 
Kayak is incredibly user-friendly and easy to use. 
It makes you search, navigate and reserve whatever you want flights and hotels in moments. 
I tried a native airlines app, I felt so thankful to have kayak!
I do enjoy and use it a lot.
I love trying apps so I tried KAYAK Mobile. GREAT!
Easy to use.   The best travel fare app I've found
One of the useful app on my phone.
I personally don't use it much but my sister does!
Super sweet
Excellent and user-friendly
Very easy!!
Great place to find flights.
Very nice and the best travel app
 It works for me really well. I like it.
Everyone should get it.
very handy
I find this app to be simply THE BEST.
I use it almost daily.
It's not perfect but close.
I love this app.
'nuff said!
Just look and you can find the right price for you!!
This app is epic.
App works great.
I do not like the new updates👎👎👎
Cool interface, niece features and a great app overall.
It's legit
Great great
Using this app will cost you more money. This app gives you inflated prices.
Smooth and intuitive interface.
Nothing fancy but does what is desired.
...it's a great app. But for several months now, Kayak hasn't managed to upload any of my trips at all (and I travel a lot). So, now totally useless.
Very good and handy app for me and all my mates.
Too bad they ruined kayak now it no longer gives you the best deals it just commercial and they steal your info and pass it out to a million companies don't sign up!!!
This app is great! It was a complete life saver for me when traveling! I can't say more great things about this app! I would recommend it to ANYONE!
Never been let down.
Seriously. This is great!
👍👍👍🌟😄like it a lot
This app has everything I've been looking for.
Very travel friendly app. Showed only what you need to know but allows you to filter/customize your search if needed. Great apppppppp
Love it
Great idea,   But it crashed several times while booking flights.  Lost a fare because crashed twice.   NEEDS WORK
👍👍👍👍👍
Exactly what I was looking for.
Very useful, comes in handy.
Love it. Thanks!
Love this app. If you travel often it's a must!
This application works just great.
Would be 5 star if there was an option to plan a comprehensive trip without booking anything.
Easy to use and well explained!
I like it!
It's great
This app does exactly what it needs to do.
Useful for fast price checking for travel
Very helpful. No flaws yet
Was easy to change dates to check for cheapest days to fly
After update, won't connect properly to change airports. Had to delete the app.
Luv this site. It's very helpful!
Why do I need another user and password to search for flights?
This app does what it should and the graphics are great.
I love it however they only show 3 sites that they compared......I know there's more but I just don't know how to search it... Other than that it's a great app & it does what it's supposed to :)
It doesn't refresh crashes each time launch until this is fixed uninstalling
Kayak will charge u more for using and iPhone or Mac just saw a news report and tried it myself and its true.
Excellent. Absolutely the best.
Love it !
Finding flights doesn't get any simpler & comparing with other sites is just a tap away. The app is as useful as the website but with the convenience of finger tap
Functionalities, graphics and content included are just right!  Wish comparison with Travelocity rates was provided.

 Bada in NJ.
This is a great app. Has almost everything you need for travel packed into an aesthetically beautiful little package.
First place I go to get my flights or hotels.
Хорошая , удобная программа.
Love it
So much better than I expected. I never rate apps, but this one has earned a seal of approval. Easy to use and fast.
I know there's upcoming trips in my kayak account but only old trips are showing up in the app!! Please fix
Always visit here and get a comparison !! N
Very simple and fast.  I love it!
Use it for every flight
Why did I not know of this sooner!?
Very easy to use. Love that I get multiple flights per search.
It's amazing how easy it is to work this app and use filters for flights.
Good app. Could be a little better
I need to take a flight with a very specific itinerary and finally found it on this app that my girlfriend recommended. Will be using this from here on out for all my flight needs. Awesome app!!
Get it!!!
I use it all the time!
Best app I have used to find flights for my family.
Great app to buy all you need for your vacations.
Muito bom!
Trips don't update.  Still showing 3 months old itinerary.  Searching for cars gave cocoa error. Useless.
Select dates and options was easy
Excelente! 100%
Never fails to find me cost effective flights. It's so easy to use!
Works well and it's easy to use. Recommended.
Easy to use and well formatted!
Simplesmente fantástico. Como obtém tantas informações? Impressionante.
Effective and simple
Love this app
Simple and user friendly
If you are using Kayak, you don't know how to travel.
Great app.. Super useful
One of the best. Best prices
It's simple it saves lots of money I love love love it
Never seen anything better
Easy to use, and just a great app to have. Def recommend.
Easy to use and very helpful:)
Very easy to use and nice
Very useful and easy to use.
Well done. Very well thought app.
So simple
Such an easy way to check for flights and hotels cheaply in one location. Easy to sort and set parameters, multiple airport options, etc. Great app!
Quick and easy
Nice app
I have really enjoyed this app.
Kayak mobile is very useful , always up to date for people on the go like myself. Would recommend it to many !
Really easy to use!
Where is the baggage claim info?
I love it!!! Very Helpful and easy,.,
I'm on the road at least three months of the year, and I use the Kayak app constantly. It's so nice not to have to bust out my laptop in sketchy places around the world--plus, I can track fares quickly so I can act quickly. :) The app is quick and has a great interface.
The best travel search app period!  Easy to use and I have never had any issues.
Just the best travel search app in the last five years.
Has been very helpful
Information on items selected is poor not the same you can see on web, as for ex. Hotel don't show type of bed or cars don't show which models are in that categories.
Easy to use but no deals! Every app is the same. Where are the deals??? Come on in this economy no one wants to fly because it's so expensive!!!!!
This app loads quickly and has all the information you need for booking travel; on the go.
Easy and nice to use. So far no issues
I look fares using Kayak all the time and find the most competitive rates here 4/5 times. Thanks you guys!
Very helpful in finding cheap travel, wouldn't use another app/site !
Best travel app out there
Love It! Best App For Comparing Hotels!
Best app ever. I travel often and only use kayak.
Love this app!
Easy to navigate!
Great app. But iPhone version does not update changes from Kayak site unless you log out of mobile version and the log back in.  What's with that?  Definitely not OK. 

Editing rental car reservations in My Trips doesn't accept the changes. When I change the price and Save, it reverts back to the old price. Not acceptable. 

This used to be a five star app. Now, it's not even close. Too many hoops to jump through.
Exactly what u need when ur traveling
Easy to use app. Dummy proof
I really love using it.
Very good app!!!
Love Love Love It ..
Very fast and easy to use no scams.
Ez, great site! A one stop shop for making travel arrangements! Awesome!!!
.
 It is a high quality application. 
Simple,easy,helpful,great
Does what I need it for.
My favorite travel app.  Period.
So helpful and easy
What a fantastic site to use.  Great information and easy to use.
The power off the travel agent at your finger tips!
This does for managing information about your travel what MyGlobeDoc app does for locating doctors near you.
Easy to use, best deals!
Quick and easy.
I have had Kayak on iPhone and finally tried to forward itinerary. Didn't work for repeated attempt. Felt bummed because this is a nifty app. Emailed support about situation.

Downloaded free Tripit. Forwarded itinerary. Voila! In Tripit. 

Checked email and saw reply from Walter. Needed to logout and log back in. Itinerary in Kayak.

Would give this 6 stars for Walter. Art company. Hate auto email saying I will hear from someone in 24 hours. When I deal with a technology problem I get impatient. Thank you Kayak for your great app, customer service model and Walter!
Love it
Very fast and accurate...
Site download was quick.  Easy to use.
One of the best tools online
Great app. Seems to run faster than some others on my iPhone.
Cool!
I love what you can do with this app! Perfect for a quick quote an reservations!
Works great on iPhone but new version doesn't want to work on iPad. Its shutting down right after opening application :-(
Easy to use. Booked several trips at some great prices.
So goods
It's great, helps you through the entire travel process with the best options.
Better than other apps in this category.
Easy to use
Very good interface and search functions. Search results give plenty of info for decision making. Very helpful planning tool.
Gives you a lot of accurate information! however you will have to go thru the website if you want a package deal.
One of the best apps ever. Attractive, well thought out, and extremely functional. This is what apps should be.
Easy to use & accurate. Thumbs up.
I used to rely on this, but after the last update neither flights nor airlines will load. It can't even "find" New York airports. Frustrating. Hope they fix it!
Invaluable travel resource!  Thanks Kayak!!!
Its a excellent app
Very useful
Better than most travel sites. Gives more options.
Very nice app
Works flawlessly.
Great app!!!!!!
Really helps
Hats off to the Kayak team for providing us with such a terrific app!!! I am one of your biggest fans!!!
Could have been better
No doubt this is best apication ever i seen for tickets
Thanks kayak owner...
Great app!
So easy to filter and narrow down what you want.  Like it a lot!
:)
Awesome
Great app.!
It's fast and easy and I like it:))
A must have for any phone.
Any traveler that needs instant access to flight and hotels needs to use this app
The app is as good as the Internet site. I love and use it all the time!
✈❤❤❤
Great app!
I use this app every time I'm going to book a trip and it works just fine.
I love it
Very fast,love it !!!
My travel dreams are true , great business model .
Love it!
Just got it, but I love it so far!
Best prices and very easy to use.
Very helpful
Nice
Great interface, simple to use, always works. Best prices. One of the best apps I've ever used!
Great App so far!
Very useful app! Rare crashes.
Kayak makes me want to travel more places.
Great prices with good results.
Great App. No problems so far & works well.
El mejor app de buscar fligth y precios
Great app! But I just received a call that my flight was delayed (united flight 1946 from CVG) and kayak still hasn't updated the flight status with the delay. Fix that bug!!! Great otherwise.
Honestly very few people have time to search in depth for fares from their phone that they wouldn't just go and grab a laptop so I love that this app makes quick and thorough/ comprehensive  searches for fares and hotels easy and shareable in a few seconds.  I like that filters come after the main search to make the initial search easy.  Other apps restrict you to less carriers or they over complicate the search.  If you want complicated that's cool.  But I'd you want simple an quick this apps for you.
Information at your fingertips in seconds.  Love it.
Definitely a wonderful app for finding hotels and flights!
Very user friendly!!
For example, when searching for cars with automatic transmission- with option selected in app- still yields results with manual transmission. Generally the app is not sufficient for my needs and I end up going to the website. Wish the two were fully in sync with the same features and functionality.
Recommended by a travel agent and is great !!!!
Easy to use and with amazing prices!!!
Best travel app around. Terrific UI.
Easy to use
Love the low prices and alerts!
Great
Great!
Top notch UI
Worth having!
Simple
So helpful with flights and rooms!!!
Easy to use.
Great, easy to use
Convenient yet still fully-functional. It's great.
Simple and intuitive. Chock full of options and features.
Male sure you use the flight tracker tool
Well thought out and easy to use. This is travel app I use the most.
Has just about everything you will need while traveling.
Great!
Great app
And very useful too!
👍👍👍👍👍
Easy to use very handy
👍
Great App
Nicely done.
Kinda fun too.
Easy to use. Very good app!!! ;)
Great app- user friendly, detailed and well-organized.
So easy to use and fast response time great app for travel planning
Use the kayak app for all travel planning!
This app is absolutely great !!
I adore this app! Beautiful, intuitive interface, easy to use! Love it!
Best of the bests
So fast and simple to use! Even easier than the real website!!
This works great for me!  If you travel then then I highly recommend kayak app to anyone.
Best travel fare app hands down!!!
I've used Expedia and other travel apps, and nothing compares to this one! GET IT, USE IT, love it :)
Robust and elegant. Would like a tool to narrow search returns by geography but no major complaints.
Easy interface, excellent coverage. I always check Kayak first!
Easy to use
Best travel app ever! Totally helpful and I always gets the best prices- a one stop shop!
This is the only travel app I use. It's so helpful and great for finding cheap tickets.
Love it!  
So fast and easy to use!
Use it all the time. Thx
Don't travel without using this app, there is money to be saved people!
Awesome
It is really wonderful application
Best travel tool evah!!!!
Love it and easy to use!
It's the industry standard for a reason: it's the best. All the airlines plus all the surrounding airports within the flexible date range you are thinking of traveling makes for the easiest way to book your flight.
The Kayak team never ceases to amaze. This is by far one of the best travel apps in the iTunes store. I specially dig the trip planner feature. Just mail your confirmed reservations to kayak and see them magically updated on your saved trip, hotel details ,maps, confirmation no. et al
I've used this app for a hotel room and plane tickets. It always finds the best prices, and is easy to use!
This app does not give correct flight information and lists flights that are no longer available.
Carefully designed. Simple. Detailed.
Great app!
Easy to navigate & filter preferences
Love that I received my notifications in prices changes made it very easy
The bests
Crashes consistently.  Really disappointing.
Everything so fast and good look and feel. Go kayak........
Makes travel so easy to research. Don't need a computer any more. Thanks!!
I would love to see the number of stars and the prices on the map view. Otherwise, it's really good!
I have saved a ton of money!!!
Love how easy it is to find the best flights!
Works quickly and seamlessly.
Very useful
Good
Easy, fast, simple information at the touch of a finger
Helpful app
False values when you clic to buy the deal!!
Excellent
Quick and easy
It's awesome!!!
I use it all the time.  Best place to go first when you need to travel!
Useful app.
Love it!
Puts all others to shame. This takes u to the airline company. It's awesome. Leave Travelocity orbitz and cheap tickets alone.
Easy to use. Convenient. Love this app.
Awesome application looks for my flight as easy as possible, never deleting it jaja :)
A very good apps, I used it to buy all my tickets. Easy to navigate.
Very easy to maneuver thru this app.
I use it all the time, to find gate, baggage claim, and prices.
I'm giving it 4 stars for now, it's decent for what I want it to do. Will follow up later
Kayak hit the jackpot with this apps. This apps is easy to navigate and you don't need to go to the actual website to get things done.
I love it!
One of the most helpful apps ever!
Great app on iPod/iPhone. Much better than blackberry version.
The other versions were better. Loads for ever and when ever I get a call, it has reload again.
Really useful app with a big problem in one of its best features: the price alerts. When I chose to monitor a specific route on specific dates the date parameters are sometimes off (usually by one day) in the created listing (and even in the resulting email).
Use it all the time
Easy to use. Easy to compare prices. Well-made app.
Easy to navigate and great to compare pricing!
Great app Kayak!  Well done!
Easy/common sense layout; very fast
Easy to use, nice search options.
Why you waiting for. Download Now !!!!!
Easy to use and user friendly.
Great app!
Great job!
This is a must to have tool for frequent travelers love it
Its crashing everytime i try to filter the info!! Pls fix!!!
This app makes booking a flight easier then doing it on the computer! I love it!
Love this for quick checks on best rates on multiple airlines
Good app
I've always loved the kayak website and amazingly the app is even better! It has full functionality, is quick and simple, and works great!
Very good search engine!
Easy to use! Adaptable to changes!
Very user friendly!
So far, sooo good...
I was planning a trip to Europe and was using Expedia, I am so glad I downloaded this app and looked here, the prices for ALL of the cities I was looking at were less than half the cost! Now l'll be able to enjoy my trip knowing I got the best deal possible!
Never have had any problem. Great service.
Awesome.
Best travel app ever
Nice to have this app whose doing more frequent travels
Like!like!like!
I use this app all the time. It's quick and convenient. Its one travel app I don't delete when the trip is over.
Awesome price finder.
VERY PRECISE, very easy to use!
Nice and easy
The best travel app I've found. Lots of options and features. Quick search times if your connection is decent. Good flexibility for your non-normal trips (multi-city, for example). Highly recommend.
So much better than using a website!
Easier than a website!
Its just a great app to use considering travelling guide for free and really have a lot of great deals
I think this is the best site around they are very fast.
great app! makes searching flights a breeze
Wonderful app should be called ihayak hehehehe
I like this app the best for travel.  It's better than Priceline or any of the other sites.   When you find a fare and try to book it, you don't get a message that the fare has changed like the other sites...
Great for basic request but, when you want different filters for different flights, not so good ......
Easy to use. Great on the fly
Works well. Delivers as promised. Rarely crashes or freezes. Simple to use. I use it frequently.
Like the ability to look for hotels and flights on my phone. Very helpful.
Simple, easy to use, and effective.
This app is easy to use and always finds the best prices!
Great app. Can't beat it in a crunch or planning that dream vacation.
Great app!
Easy to use, great prices!
This app really saved me when I had a flight cancelled and needed to find something quick and at the right price! Fast, easy to understand and great filters.
Simply all flights info with in a touch of a button
Get app! I've always went through Kayak to book trips and purchase flights. Great app, makes it dummy-proof. Airline directory and packing list are awesome! Two thumbs up!
Works great on my iPad, but the iPhone app constantly crashes and can't complete a search without crashing.
Got a great deal on tickets to Brazil.
It fairly easy to search... Just finding the time to get on the computer and do it would be faster tho. Good for planning and ideas, not really for when you actually have to find a ticket.
Good app but the feature I wanted the most does work. Price Alert will not update any prices.
Thanks to kayak I could get to my class reunion... Prices were good
Save time and money using this app!
Saved me so much time.  I definitely recommend it for anyone who travels ever.
Amazing!!! Highly recommended!
Very handy app !!
I use Kayak for all my flights and car rentals. I'm glad the app is so easy to use!
This app saves so much time it's ridiculous.
.
Great app, especially love the price alerts that keep track of air fares for you. Sometimes they are annoying though and you have to individually refresh them
Great App ❤👍
Great resource at your finger tips.
The app is really nice and convenient to use , I always refer kayak before booking my flight tickets!! Thanks for the great app.
It's very useful app.
Very good app ,, I just like it they have the option to check flights with different date at the same time,,
Very good app
This app literally is the best thing I've ever seen. It's so easy to use and never crashes or creates problems!
I just love this app. Always have the good deals.
Book all my flights using Kayak!
I have only used this app for looking for flights but the interface is slick and let's you apply many filters that I find useful. Voting 4 stars because when selecting what time you want flights to takeoff/land it incorrectly displays the order airport names (I.e. it will say "Indianapolis to New York City" twice, when one of them should read "New York City to Indianapolis")
Still hasn't crashed even once
Use it everytime I need to travel
So good app and I wish complete to the pest
One spot shop.
Good
Cuts thru complicated scheduling gets to essentials and is very user friendly.
Keep going
Really helfull app
Love the new details section and the what to pack
The super app for travelers.
I travel several times a month and this app is great. I can always find a flight easily without going from site to site. Cuts down on the time to find flights for sure.
Easy to use and understand
Awesome app !
I only use Kayak from my phone bc it is so wonderful. The app is well thought up and is always improving. 
I've suggested to friends - they are hooked now too. 
Only thing left is to travel more!
KAYAK top of the line APP. My best search tool.
App
Wonderful app that works perfect.
As our office's resident travel agent, I find myself needing to book travel at all hours. The kayak app lets me do that -as long as I've got service - from wherever.  I wish you could set up filter choices from the very beginning, and it's a little tedious to get to flight details, but otherwise, it's very intuitive and user friendly.

Worth downloading. You won't regret it!
Most outstanding app
Ive Alway used Kayak for searching flights! Best tool for traveling!!
Find and compare flights in under a minute.  Never been easier. Great app
Great app.
Love kayak!
Great app!
Absolutely love this app!
I travel a ton for work and play - I use this religiously
This app is the best tool for flight price comparison and booking, very friendly interface and very easy to use, I've been using Kayak even before iPhone existed.
I love this mobile app.
Love this app!  The only downfall is that you have to know airport abbreviation.  Other than that fantastic!!!
With our family of four traveling/flying a few times each year, it sure is nice to have a daily notification as to our desired destinations. When I see a price drop, I'm sure to jump on it saving us a few dollars to use elsewhere on our vacation.
Props to the kayak mobile team for putting together a great app. I find the interface very well suited to your product, without a lot of clutter. The loading time is fantastic for the amount of requests you make to check flights. Only really use this for flights, so take this review with that in mind.
I had rather use the app than the web site for air travel.
Great app. Works seamlessly
Kayak is a great app for every thing you need if you are on the go. From flights to hotels I would highly recommend this free app!!!!!
Easy to use!
So helpful and so easy to use!
I go to Kayak first whenever looking for online travel deals.
👍👍
I book all my tickets through kayak. Haven't had a problem in 3 years or using it.
I'm a fan of kayak.com and the app is an easy way to browse for flights on my iPhone. Happy with this app.
Easy to use quick response time plenty of choices all in the palm of your hand. Really well thought out app
I love it
Great app! Love how it makes it so easy to find a good deal! Saved me lots of $$ when I took my last trip.
Love the app :)
Great app to have.. Makes things so much easier
The hotel map works great...but I hate that you cannot narrow down a price range more. It would only let me set it from $40 to over $300.  In paris, France that leave tons of hotels to sift though. Ugh
Nice and quick when I search flights.
Good app very user friendly and has everything in one. Def recommend
Easy to use!! And use it all the time
Great app, did not have any issue so far
Very user-friendly and fast. Haven't used it to book yet though...
I can book cheap hotels and flights in a very convenient way now!
No probs at all.. Very easy to use..
So easy to use!!!
Love how fast this app is for searching flights! Its easy to use and the filters and search options are amazing.
Very impressive app.  I haven't booked my travel yet tho!!
Have no complaints about this app!!! Love it!!!
My new favorite way to shop for my vacations
Easy to use, fast, it is great! Even tho sometimes u want to book and the flight is no longer available. But overall is good.
Wonderful, quick, and easy
Very helpful and easy to use.
Awesome
If you find a cheap flight and you click to book, you will find that the flight is no longer available. It's a way to get you to visit orbitz or cheaptickets. This happened to me no fewer than fifteen times this evening. Was eventually able to book using Hotwire.
Easy to use. Quick results. Life saver.
This is a great app. All your travel needs met in one place! That is awesome.
Amazing
Probably the greatest mobile site I have ever used.
Definitely cheapest and easy to use.
I'm a convert!  Great deals and a single place to organize my travel.
I'm thankful to the app to give me an awesome deal.
Kayak has been my favorite for deal searching, both on my laptop or iPhone.
It's good and better than many of these kind.
Some one told me about this app. Love it
Awesome 

(Now don't let it get to your head and messing it all up. As so many apps have a tendency to do when they get good. )
Easy to use and quick results.
Easy to understand and operate this app, so I like it. Not much to say, seems to be one of the best apps to set up a plane flight or anything dealing with travel.
I don't enjoy using Kayak on my laptop but love this app!!!
I like it
I think this is one of the best apps out there for any category because it allows you to do everything the website can do. How many web companies can boast that? And kayak is great for flights, hotels (I just got rid of expedia's hotel app because kayak works better), travel plans (I also don't use tripit anymore), etc. So great app. 

The reason I'm giving it only three stars is that the flight alerts that kayak emails you (a service that you'd think is very useful) will send you prices that someone else got beforehand and are probably no longer available. How absurd is that. I mean, seriously, how can that possibly be useful? I like Bing Travel because they have a price predictor to tell you if prices are likely to go up or down. I like the idea of getting alerts to find out when prices go down. But Kayak's implementation is idiotic.
Love tis app, makes travel bargain shopping so easy, ditto air bookings!!
One of the best apps our there. Very user friendly!!!
This is an excellent very useful travel app which keeps getting better and better. I use it to contact airlines, to book and compare fares, etc.  I hope the developers keep improving and refining it in the months ahead.
Can't travel without it. Great for 'onthespot' decisions and preplanning. Thanks KAYAK!!!!
I Love  KAYAK
It's very easy to use, lists the best prices from many sites, and includes all fees.
Easy to use!
When you go to price alerts > then edit, it only gives you the option to delete a flight you want to be alerted for, you need to add the option to shift them around and move them, because I'm trying to find a cheap flight from several different airports in both places so I need to be more organized!! Please update!
App works great. Makes it easy to check pricing by autofilling in forms.
Saves so much time.
I love kayak.
Time saver!!!
Work great fast and easy
Great for on the go flight booking.
Easy to use. Much better than trying to book a flight searching each airlines clunky websites. Never seems to crash or have any bugs.
I love this app...
Excellent.
I love this app. It is very handy i like to travel  so this app is for me.
Keep up the good work. (MAX)
I go thru and click my wants in the filter and click apply. Then, all the stuff I didn't want appears.... What's the use of a filter if it doesn't work?
Easy to used. Has the best prices. I just love it. I recommend ;)☝👍
V.Good app
Unmatchable prices and excellent service of finding them!
Great little booking tool & very clear & fast!
I like most of its features.
Love the great deals!
Love how easy it is
Love it!
Easy to use
No matter what I type in, a city name or the three letter airport code, it doesn't find anything when I search. Currently useless to me.
I've been using Kayak for years to book flights; this app has made it even easier! Search for airfare deals on the go? Yes please!
Love it!!!!!!!
Great app. Easy to use.
Easy to use. Love the weekly flight price checks! Already saved me $130!
awesomeness
This is a one stop spot.
As advertised, to the best of my knowledge. 
Haven't had a chance to compare and contrast, but it is quick and convenient.
You need to add a hotel-air combo option!
Everything you want for finding flights, hotels, etc. One and done..
Great App......love it, love it, love it!!!!!!
Very nice!!
Ever since the last update, the app has real difficulty connecting to search for cities.  Forget about multi-city search. This app is pretty much worthless now. What happened, kayak?
Best one I've found and easiest one to use
I love this app!
Minor flaws in the ticket equation software prevented me from giving this app 5 *, (ie. When making flight routes for multiple destinations the price is excessively inflated as opposed to selecting and purchasing the same flights individually) but all in all the app is very helpful in helping plan a trip and getting an idea of what to expect.
AWESOME!!!
Now after recent updates, it's barely useable.  Very disappointed.
Want to know if the airline is going to cost you 60$ for bag fees?  Goodluck!
The car rental sorting is crashing please fix it
Very easy to use. Very quick and convenient.
It was very helpful to me looking for some deals for a trip to Miami in October would recommend.
Very fast,convenient,super great savings

Thanks
Pierce,Md
Makes finding what you are looking for easy and fast.
Excelente para múltiplos destinos
Easy to use
Easy to use and accurate, this is the only travel app I use!
A few taps and you find excellent deals.
I swear by it!!!
The best travel app!!
The best travel app so far
Way to go Kayak. Keep it up
Great
I don't find any good deal from them any time ......
Best travel app anywhere, simple and very intuitive. I will be using it for all my travels from now on! Only wish is the search to be a little more broad, I.E. typing in a country should give a list of airports instead of... No results.      EDIT..... Love the new features, the HUGE hotel address is a great idea and I will use it often. That said there is room to expand, perhaps a currency converter would be a good thing to add so you know how much the fare is going to cost?
Love that it works for airlines/ flights in India as well!
Easy to use, love it!
Works just absolutely awesome.
It has everything you need- price alerts, airline contact info, baggage fee info, and of course a great search engine for flights
I foolishly relied on the app for information about when my girlfriend's 1.5hr flight would arrive, and found while waiting at the airport that it had been delayed 40 minutes longer than the app had claimed. It only updated to display the correct information after the alleged arrival time had passed. Disgraceful.
Since the last update (07/31) app doesn't even load. Crashes after boot screen. Same thing happened with Kayak Pro.
Great app, great site. Been using for years!
Why did you take off the beacon feature? I used that all the time!
Nice ok good
Very nice app.  It's much better than going online and booking flights. Vast improvement from the last version.
Es unos de los pocos programas que te ofrecen mas por menos
Good for looking for flights .
Easy to use.
Love it, best prices on ALL airlines!
Easy use!
This app does not give all flight options! Leaves out multiple airline options. I was stressing out because Kayak was listing flights to NYC at $1400 but I found WAY cheaper flights once I used other search engines. I'm deleting this app right away.
Current and accurate information.
Please add this function!
Love this app and use it often
Great app and really fast and accurate!
I used to go to São Paulo, and Back in same day, to Brasília
Its easy to use and always finding good prices este programa kayak es bueno i ....take it to the maximum!!!!
I love this app! Finally an app that makes traveling and booking a breeze. Everything is finally in one place!! You also can view the competitor's rates!!!!
Very user friendly
It allowed me to view all my options, and narrow down my choice. It was super easy! Will definitely use again.
Easy to use
My very favorite travel app. The interface is easy to use, there are a lot of options for filtering and flexibility.
nice app
Best deals
Best travel app around for pricing
Only app u need for travel and bookings. Simply the best.
Very good app
Great app.
They thought of everything
Very easy to use!!!
Easy to use
See above
Awesome app! It saved me lots of dollars ;-)
Great app
Good app
Great app
Works well.
Great deals
Title sums it up. I'm using it now for planning a trip and it's answering all my questions. It's a great tool for the occasional traveler.
I love Kayak, and this application makes Traveling and finding the best prices all over the world so easy. I highly recommend this app for research and booking at your fingertips!
Nice App
Got this primarily for Flight Tracker.  App a little draggy, not much detail on flight status.  Doesn't tell distance travelled or distance to go.  Was also WAY behind actual flight, by almost 20 minutes.  (Didn't show departure was delayed by half hour).  But absolute worst of all, flight tracker didn't automatically update.  Had to keep hitting refresh to get "latest" (20 minutes behind) location.  I expected better, and have seen a lot better from PC apps.  But, it's free, and not a total bomb.  Maybe upgrades or better collaboration with flight data providers in the future will make this app worthwhile.
Great deals
So easy to use. Lots of extras!
A very informative app
Very handy!
Love the app. Very easy to use and you can creat price alerts!!
Super easy!!!!!!! y buenos precios.
I've been using Kayak since it first came out as an Internet service.  The app works well, I always check Kayak first when planning travel.
Great
Easy and efficient!
Very helpful and easy to use
Ótimo para ficar pesquisando os preços em qualquer lugar. Poderia ter monitoramento automático !!!
Useful
Helpful
Just Fantastic
What good are you if you dont give me prices?
Really helpful und user friendly app!!!
Simple, intuitive, easy to use. Gets you data on flights very efficiently.
It works well, shows you different options
What more can I say? This app has some major problems. Trying to get back to your fight if you click on seat selection, or any of the other links stops you in your tracks and you basically have to shut down the app and start new.  Finally after about an hour I got my flight back. Grrrr
great app
Awesome
Pretty easy to use App, love it!
This app is very helpful....finds all the cheapest flights and helps to find great deals for your trip!
It's so easy to use! This way we can save some time! Great little App!
Totally useful free app.  Love Kayak!!!
Awesome data - easy to use interface
Makes vacation planning on the go extremely simple!
This app is so amazing. It's very easy to use and really well organized. Love this app.
Get it.
Lays out multiple companies and their pricing for their services. It's a one stop shopper. Great little app!
If you travel you have to have it!
My quality of life remains just fine, thanks to NOT having had to cold call/search online hotel accommodations. Thank you!
Never have I seen a search application this robust and easy.  I have booked flights, hotels, and cars from this app. I recommend this app if you want a good bargain for travel.  Thanks.
Used to use skyscanner, but this app is so much better. One improvement I'd suggest is keeping a filter activated when searching through different days or airports. For example, if I only want to see flights departing after 2 pm, then I don't want to keep applying the filter when I change an airport or date.

Other than that, I'm obsessed!
It's easy, convenient and DEFINITELY helped me find the best deal!
Very nice app. It's shows price, maps and the competitors. Worth it!!!
Easy!
Love it!
Searches are concise-accurate and give great detail. Easy-to-use. Great app.
Used lots of travel sites.  KAYAK is tops!
Perfection. Filters are awesome!
FAST EASY N REAL... WAT ELSE CULD U ASK FOR..?
Great app, actually better than full website.  Way less b.s. to deal with.
Easy to use
Very easy to use, with plenty of options.
Great app that is easy to use
Quicker than their website. I had no problems at all.
Great app..very fast
Really convenient site!!!! I can look up anything and anytime!!!
Good app
It's so easy to use! Prefer it more than using the actual site :)
Really easy to use and find quickly for your flight ticket cost$$$.
Highly recommend to all travelers who using iPhone.
Fast & easy to use
It's my favorite travel app!!!
I travel domestic and international and find this is the easiest site to use!! Love the packing list feature as well!
Best app for flights and rooms!!!! U won't regret it
Nice app
Very nice app!!!
This is flawless! Runs great and easy to use.
Super easy to use
Awesome
Good app, With good deals.
This is a great app used on a daily to check flights
Very useful apps!
Love this app.
You can find any thing you want
Good work guys!
Good to go
Very easy to navigate. Good prices.
Helpful!!
Good
Use kayak all the time to quickly check other flights when traveling.
It's fast, easy to use and I've never had a glitch! Love it!
Awesome prices and accurate results
I always use Kayak to book hotels and cars, and I'm pleased that the app works so well.
I'm so glad that someone thought of this!
No other travel app like it
If you don't have this installed, go do it quick. I'll hop on here just to browse possible ideas and kayak is freaking quick with many options. Wooh
I find this app really useful.
This is, truly, an awesome app!
I love this app, especially in the summer time when I'm always traveling. Everything is now right at your finger tips.
Easy-to-use
Good service
Great app and it works great!
Fast & easy..! :)
yes it is, download it
Love it
Love it!
Simple, fast and effective
helpful and reliable
I like this apps very much
Best way to plan a trip and monitor flight prices.
Very user friendly good interface
Great app., very helpful!
Love this app, so easy to use!
I was done in minutes using my phone to book.  So easy to use.
Awesome app
Haven't been able to get the app to work for weeks. Crashes all the time on my iPhone 4s and my iPad 3.  When is a fix planned?
Really quick! ... Many octopus working together!! :))
I use this app constantly. It is quick and easy. If you just want information or if you want to go as far as purchasing your tickets this app is a great performer.
Will be used again & again!
Seems to be very nice.
Love this app!
I'm in a long distance relationship so this app makes it super easy and fast to look for flights and hotels to and from each others cities or to rendezvous cities in between!!
Love this service and the app does not disappoint!
The best travel app out there.
This application is perfect in every way. Shows all prices, provides pictures, and gives you a map of locations for all hotel options. Quick easy way to compare airfares. What did we do before Kayak
Super useful, easy to use, accurate and I just love it.
It's easier than actually using the site. Love that everything is in one spot to compare!
Amazingly useful and easy to use. Shame on you Expedia!!!
This app is very easy to figure out and use without much thought. I wis it had an option to search for B&Bs - maybe in another version... This would also be a must-have for any business traveller or salesman!
Use lots of different apps to book travel. This is the best.  By far. Love it.
The best el mejor
It used to be the best app to compare airfares, however for about a week I just can't search for any cities (airport or city for car rental). The search doesn't pop up any result: I can't select my origin and destination. The app has Internet connection as I can perform a search if I keep the current field values (and I get different prices for different airlines).
Please fix ASAP!
Update: I'm in Hong Kong and the issue has been ongoing for several months now!
Update 2: When I use a VPN to get a US internet access, the app works fine. So basically when connecting from Hong kong, the app can't retrieve cities list....
I m from outside US and it works good for me... Nice travel assistant...
Love this app! Perfect in finding the cheapest rates and easy to use!
The pro version tend to crash
Excellent!
I really enjoyed using this app, really convenient and helpful!
Great INC Kayak. Should do Affiliative program 4 tr. agts. Good $ on IPO.
Love all the functions and tools
Found flights that the other low price sites couldn't or wouldn't display. This is easy to use and book your flights within the app. This is great.
Ok. I love this website and have purchased all my flights from it for the last few years (6-7 flights). 
That said, the app keeps wasting my time by not coming thru. 
I get to the flight I want and it goes to "an error occurred...blah blah".
Come on
Amazing!!!
Awesome!!!
Design could be improved otherwise it's a great app!
If you travel this is a must, more important than your tooth brush.
And easy to use.
User friendly and better than I thought it would be.
Excellent app, flights, hotels, cars and more all easily searched, filtered by personal preferences, and booked with ease.
Kayak has the quickest and easiest way for you to book and such for plane tickets it takes seconds for to get the right ticket that suits your budget.
Yup this is the APP! Give it a go u won't regret it
The only con is it won't give u the sale prices of the tickets that is why am giving 4 stars!
Good
Such a great service!
It's usefull app
Convenient, user friendly. Great deals!!
Everything I needed, where I needed it. Better than 4 others I have combined!
<3
good spp
Nice and easy to search what we need keep going
Order tix right on website or call number that is provided. I order all my flights thru kayak
This app is awesome!!!
Ótimo.
Love it!!!
Love kayak
Easy to use & best deals!!
Great
I love to travel always last minute this app allows me to stay on the go!
So easy to use on the iPhone!
love this app to death
So much better than that priceline negotiator app.
So easy to navigate! Highly recommend!!!
Excellent app. Well organized & user friendly.. Love it!!
Love this app!!! Very helpful!!!!
Great App!
Easy to use! Just what you need! No fuzz.
Well designed and organized. Fligh tracker is especially useful and seemingly pretty accurate.
Love it , awesome app
Don't use this app it's not working,after selecting the flight it takes you to another website where the ticket is not available .
I have used them all and this one is tops.
I love this app!
Great app!
I love this app. It helps find the best rates for both flights an hotels and I honestly can't find a better place to help me book vacations.
Nice
Easy and convenient.
It is good I loved the hitrl that we booked.
Need more flights on the iPhone version for ex the emirates flights which is already exists in kayak iPad version
Love it!
So much detail right at your fingertips.  I love this app.
This is a 1-stop shop for airline tickets! I downloaded and used the other guys' apps too, and after a month of comparison, Kayak always wins - hands down! And the app is so pretty and smooth and fast. I give it 👍👍.
I have just finish installing this app. I find my dream flight, I can not buy it! It just won't load the next page to buy it... I guess I'm going to keep using google.com
This app is great! I haven't noticed a single bug since your last update. :-)
Super helpful & easy to use!
Awesome!
easy to use, and quiet convient!
I use this a ton
Very good app, I like it!
I like it~~ super convenient ~~
Excellent!!! Lo recomiendo!!!
So useful. Especially for newbs.
Great meets all me travel needs great for flights have found better hotel prices on other sites like booking.com
Needs to b easier to find hotel+ flight
Such an awesome app. Absolute must have for travelers.
Very well done.
Kayak is an excellent app for travelers as they get to simultaneously compare all the airlines fare with a click of a button
This app made my travel so much easier and hands down its finds the most inexpensive flights. Used Kayak for the last 5 years and the app makes it even easier.
Thank goodness I came across this apps. It makes my travel so easy!
Very easy and convenient to use!
Excellent travel tool. Well thought out, practical and easy to use. 

Thank you,     Tom
Great site.  Will recommend to all my family and friends.
Kayak is a great one-stop vacation planning app. It is quick and easy to use. I like the fare alert feature.
Great app, easy to use, very fast!
Searched 3 destinations in 15 min! Great interface and easy to use and share info.
I thought that I will never do review, but I have to say that kayak app is do easy and helpful, I use it for all my trip planning. My favorite is the my trip feature. I don't have to look for all my receipt for business trip reimbursement anymore, it all saved and organized in MyTrip.
User friendly. I love it!!
Gr8 app does the job
Great app. Best way to plan you tracing!! Woooohoo.
Easy to navigate and use!
Good
User-friendly!
Easy to use , fast searches, great app
I love this app. I am able to do everything in this app to put my vacations and trips together. The prices are great and you can see comparisons on rates. I also like the option to put all your travel information into to app. No more need to have multiple emails and confirmations with you.  It is all stored in the app for easy access. I highly recommend this app to anyone.
Very useful app for evaluate a trip
Very helpful, this app has been very helpful.
Fast and easy to use.
:)
Excellent site for international travel with multiple option
Very useful!
Great Application!!
Awesome sight wish you could package rates
Quick, easy booking and best prices!
Best travel app, a must have if you are traveling.
Works great
So easy to use. All the info you need, simple to navigate.
Very convenient. I have been using Kayak for all my travels and the app made it only easier.
Great app! Helps me keep track of the best flight prices!
Great app...but wish it had a deal finder!
Great app. Searches for flights, hotels and many other useful things, it even hals a currency converter
Very easy to use all the way from shopping to ticketing. 

Pretty much the only site I go to.
I'm very pleased with this app and it's user-friendly capabilities. I definitely recommend the download.
Helps me find great prices and makes finding hotels a breeze wherever I may be traveling. I recommend this app to any business person or anyone who wants to make travel or vacationing easier
Great app!
Facile e intuitivo
Love it!
This app is great for making travel plans lots of options at the tips of your fingers. So easy to use too!
Easy to use!
If you know your exact dates, this app is great. If you're flexible want a calendar that shows cheaper flights, try TripAdvisor. I can't believe Kayak left that feature out of this app.
This app is easy to use and book from. The one huge omission when compared to their full website is the lack of "flexible" dates feature. If this feature were ported to the app in a later release, then this would merit 5 stars.
This is a really great app !!
Iam in love with this app
Love this app better than travelocity . Info is very clear n concise
El mejor apps
Just awesome
First time user. Went off without a hitch.
I'm constantly checking flights on this app. The best of its kind. Well done Kayak!
Love this app. Makes looking at flights very easy.
Beats all the other sites by a mile!
Works well for the me. I haven't tried buying a ticket yet, so hopefully there's no glitches!
First time using it, very impressed, will book my flight and car for travel to Ireland ," so I'll be back" write more
Highly recommend it
Have tried several travel apps for investigating flight prices. I deleted all of the others. 

Haven't actually booked a flight using Kayak yet. When I do, if that works as beautifully as the rest of the app, I will be updating my rating to 5 stars. 

Way to go Kayak development team!!
Need to integrate with sw airlines better.
Love this app! So easy & convenient to search for a flight!
Great app...... Nice
Easy to use and it really helps
Very user friendly and thorough!
I love it.
Easy to use and I like how it compares several sites not just one
Great app
Very user friendly.
It is just the best app of this kind guys! You should get one.
Helped me out a bunch!
Very fast and easy to use app!
Love it!
Great useful app! And easy to use.
Very convenient and a great way to book a vacation! I would highly recommend you download it and use it.
A fantastic app… Very useful... Much easier to use and better overall than Expedia
So practical and easy to use! I check at least three times a week for deals from my phone
One stop shopping on mobile app
Time saver to see what's out there.
Love it
One of the best applications
Thanks
The more you use Kayak the better the information becomes.
The only thing it's missing is up-to-date reviews
Its just good! The first thing i did after downloaded was book a flight and so far impressed!
Perfect. Works as advertised. No issues.
It is a good app. Works well.
Awesome for finding cheap flights. I was super pleased.
Saves me lots of time digging for the best rates
My go-to app for traveling.
When searching for car rentals, the results do not indicate the details of the car. For example, I'm looking for car rentals in Europe and there is no indication as to whether it is a manual or automatic transmission until after leaving the Kayak  application and going to the website itself. Time waster....
Great app
Works fast
Good job this was real easy to use
This app is great!! Until this morning, that is. Now it can't load prices, reviews, pictures, etc.... Please fix!
Works great!!!
Kayak is really great for flights and hotels. I've also used it to get great deals on rental cars.
Really useful in finding flights and deals on a getaway
It is great! By now the best traveling app I have used!
I pick random destinations and see if kayak can get me a ticket for less than what I have in my checking account.  It usually finds me some place interesting and then I log off and go buy groceries.
I love using this app I get  great deals on nice suites for a reasonable price it's awesome!!!!!!!!........
It is really good
Amazingly convenient!
Very easy to use.
Love it! It is quick! Lets you save and reminds you to book it. Love this app
Getting lots of info at my finger tips.
As it is now, the only way you can add trips is to book something, but you can add custom trips on the website. Adding custom trips to the app would make it perfect.
So easy to use, which is awesome when on a phone!
Awesome App! So fast and easy to reserve flights and hotels at just a few buttons to press. Always shows great deals!
It's amazing how I can find flight at low prices :)
Gives me really cheap prices for hotels and such :)
Yay!
Must try app !!
Perfect for finding good deals
Very convenient!!
I use this daily love it.
Fast and all airlines in 1 place.
Awesome app. I use it all the time.
This app should get 2 1/2 stars but that wasnt an option. It is helpful but when trying to book flights it becomes overly repetitive when having to type in the same info over and over again. It's a decent app, but it is less user friendly then others out there.
Love it
Good
This app is super user-friendly and helpful. Whenever I'm contemplating travel, I use it to check prices. I've even booked flights using it, instead of my computer. They make it easy and fun!
Simply perfect!
Very helpful application. I used all the time every time we travel.
Una aplicación muy útil
Good, fast, reliable service good job Kayak. I'm sold
Very good complainant to the web
Excellent app, very user friendly, good response time, pretty much everything in one place.. Great work
Glad I got this app!!
Very efficient!
Wish the entire transaction could occur in the app without being bounced to the purchasing website. Love the search, sort, and filter!!! Nice work kayak!!
No issues, works fabulous!!
Very well designed and easy to use. Works exactly the way you want it to.
Love the new kayak app. Quick.. Handy..let's get traveling !!
Great website - great app! Easy to use!
Great App
Great app
Have evrithing I need !
Great search options
I've been using these guys for 7 years and it doesn't get any better!!!

They also have an extremely easy app to use I love it and use it almost daily.
Solid
Great app
It's all in 1 app!!!!!
It is a very interactive app, some limitations are annoying and very different from the phone app which seems some times better, but it allows to do a lot and the price comparison is pretty nice with some cool deals.
Kayak is a great app, it works very well and is very fast, gotta say one of the best apps that I have seen in some time. Would recommend it to anybody.
It's everything I need!
I did everything with no problem
Is bitchin'.
Very good experience
So...when you link to the airline from the kayak quote, the price is $400 more! Sketchy
I love this app. I have booked several trips and adventures through the kayak app and it is the best I have used. Nothing like seeing all the options in one place. Thank you for investing in such an engaging app!!
I like the web
No complaints
This app works, is easy to use and right on my phone. I love it.
Best travel app ever
The availability of hotels shows as available in kayak, but once you try to book, you learn differently.. Time killer.
Haven't bought tickets yet but the search function is very clean for the eyes & easy to use. So far very happy with it!
Very user friendly and quick to find exactly what you need to know to compare in the go.
Great app!
Even when I insert airport code, used to be good but since last update it is broken. Need to migrate to a new travel app.

PLEASE FIX IT
Good
Quick and easy. Great deals. An awesome app for travelers, and traveling wanna-be's;)
Excellent app. I love it
Very well thought out app.
Excellent app for planning travel
Better than my Airbook for speed and ease of use.
Very easy to find flights that are cheapest...
Easy to use and robust. This app get's the job done.
Love this site because it's super easy and it provide very affordable rates.
Easy and quick to find a flight and hotel
This app presents flight schedules, hotel rates, and car rentals in such a way that you'll want to book it immediately. This is mainly because of its sleek design and very simple approach on navigating through its interface. However, if i were to choose between Kayak and Skyscanner, I'll definitely choose the latter.
I have not found another flight searcher that is so easy to use and consistently finds the best values. The app is fast and I love the travel organizer options.
Kayak always helps me find the best price for flights to see my family back east!
It help me always on the tough time
Awsome App!!! Dont know what i'd do with out it!! Booked Vegas hotel, flight and hotel to Maui and many more with this app. Also use to help out friends on vacations or emergencies. One word " AMAZING"
This site never steers me wrong.
Fantastic app!!!  I use it for all of my trip planning. I also use it to help friends who are searching for travel plans!!  I tell everyone about one of my favorite apps!
Great very easy to use...
Easy to use. No issues.
Friendly app, easy to use!
Easy to Use!!!!!
5*!
So easy!!!
Very good app,nice
Very helpful, spirit prices however were lower at spirit.com
Great app! Work very well and it is easy to navigate through the choices.
User convenient.
Just got this n so far it's ok ?? Hope it will be of help when I actually need it ..
Love it perfect for traveling!
Very easy to use and convenient.
Easy to use, understand and to get great deals!
Fantastic apps, very helpfull ;)
It's a great app it makes it easier to find tickets to go back home if ur in the military like my self
Helped me find the perfect place to stay on short notice at the perfect price
This is one of, if not the, best travel booking/pricing apps out there.
Simple and straight to the point
Simple and easy to use.
Easy to use, plenty of options, never lacking in detail either. Functionality at its best / simplest as well, job well done Kayak
يعطيك افضل الاسعار عشان تقارن
It's simple and clear. This app is so easy to use and very convenient.
Very easy,practice and fast.
So reliable and doesn't seem to have any kinks. Easy to use when making travel plans from your phone!
Beware. This site is the best travel search and booking site for mobile. 
You will be checking in before you know it.
I was looking for a ticked but i have not booked yet. With kayko is more easy to book a ticket. Thanks for all
Awesome app
It's a little buggy. Lags.
Please less ads
I haven't booked anything from this site, but I like to use this to compare flight prices. Car rentals show price per day without taxes, a grand total would be nice.
Ok
It has everything i need!
Searching is very nice, one of the best, but booking is a very frustrating experience. While trying to book a flight I eventually gave up. I had entered all my information and when I went to book I had to wait and wait and wait and then had to re-enter my information. Very frustrating.
Very easy to use and fluid.
Very user-friendly. Great way to search quickly for different travel options! Highly recommend this app!
Great app, easy to use.
Great
Extremely simple and quick to find exactly what you need. Very easy to change options.  Travel is a breeze!!
Quick and easy.
Makes travel research simple, quick and painless. Simply amazing app. Great work folks.
Easy to use and finds me the cheapest flight 😃
Good
Great app for the travel long man
Love it, very user friendly. Great App!!!!
simple and straight forward..!
Great app and it's very easy to use.
Easy to use  fun to search love it!!!
I love this app, it's helping me so much
Like that it compares, has an easy way to check but would like if you could see what was before or after the town or exit you were specifically checking since we are driving almost 9 hrs to Disney and are considering staying halfway.
Works great on iPad and iPod Touch.
Like I said it's easy to use to comparison shop for flights. I will be using this more than my PC.
Easy to use and works great. Almost as good as the website!
Anteriormente tinha avaliado como 5 estrelas, mas agora tem travado, tenta encaminhar para páginas das locadoras e fica tudo em branco. Não consigo finalizar... Tem funcionado melhor no iPhone.
Recommend this app.
Best app ever
Handy pick
Very intuitive and easy to use, and full of information for flights across all the major airlines. Especially like the +/- 1 day and price alert features in the flight search! Makes perfect sense of all the confusing individual airline sites.
Better to have more categories ie food ,POI etc.
Extremely useful app
Quotes are way off you can get better deals in other websites
Pretty dumb. It never work right
Good App but do not have a delete history and/or cookies allowing the sites to keep tracing rates and what you are looking for. When I delete the history one by one, it immediately bring the history back to memory.
Great app and extremely easy to work with ... Very helpful!
It Jst gives u what u want in no time. I love it
We were stuck in the airport in Copenhagen and we went to this app to get our hotel room then the next day we used it to buy airplane tickets. It is a GREAT app.
Quotes are completely unreliable.
Very easy to use
I just downloaded the app. & it asked me to rate it, so I'll say so far it does what is say it would & I'm liking it so far.
Great app. Easy to use and accurate. Don't waist your time with other apps.
I love this app wish I knew about it sooner
Great functionality. Easy to use. Fast calculations. :)
The only app I use for hotel searches now.
Can get a little buggy around using the maps, but great even still :) thanks!!!
Easy to use & love the iPhone app.
I never use anything else to find hotel, flight or flight status other than this app.  Great job updating this app guys!
!!!
Kayak gives good and fast results!
gooooooood
Like I said. 

The format layout is nice too
Greatest travel site available.
Other than that it's pretty helpful
Love this app. Fast results & easy to use
It's great! It does exactly what you need and then some!
Very good and convenient site.
Couldn't done without it!
Everything you need in a travel app.  A must have.
You must have this app if you ever travel
I like the interface. A bit much going on, but a great, free app!
Does what it is supposed to do in a better way
Honestly, I think this app is more intuitive, easy to understand and useful than their website
Easy to navigate and comprehensively designed!
Best travel App by far. Super easy to use.
Great app.
Excellent!
I love how flexible all the search options are. +/- 1 or 2 days, search nearby airports, one-way or round-trip --- these are all search features I need. The interface is friendly and easy to use.
Love this site!
Excellent UI and great usability! Pleasure to use a product that someone has given thought to. Great job guys!
Easy to use, easy to search, you can alway find the best deals
Awesome!
Excellent tool!
I like that it keeps the history of previous searches
I do get what I need from this app! Good job guys!
App is fun and easy to use and search through.
Gives me everything I need! I never rate anything, but I'm impressed! = )
This app has so many good features about it and really helps you do things when you live a life on the road!!
I love the fact that they send daily notifications of prices.
Easy to use. Fast. Great price comparison feature.
This is the best Apps. Used this for first time last nite to find a very reasonable hotel and got it. Very accurate.  Will recommend this App to friends and family.
I especially like the way it preserves my most recent search info so that I don't have to re-enter it every time I open the app.
This App is so easy to use.. I love it
E 10 este aplicativo!
The easiest way to travel
Terrific app. Better then the computer experience!
I use this app for business more than anything and at times for personal. 
Great tool for me the way I use it. I don't use it to book the rooms, flights but rather keep track if the bookings through this app and to help me get pricing.
To travel
BEWARE: The flight search result that you see listed is totally for DIFFERENT DATE than what you originally selected. So be very careful, always keep an eye on the date until you purchase tickets.

The problem occurs because we are used to taking for granted that  once we choose exact dates while searching for flights, we tend to ignore the dates and concentrate on price and timing in  the search result. But this app "automatically" assumes that we are searching for flexible dates and gives the best price for a different date than what you originally wanted for. Although it shows the date in the results, most likely it will  be for a different day, often we ignore to look at it carefully. Please be extremely careful if you want to use this app.

Hey Kayak folks, Please don't ASSUME flexible dates while searching and displaying results!
The "current location" feature does not pick up Charlotte, NC. As another reviewer mentioned regarding Dallas, this is a major hub. The search feature for airport destinations also doesn't work. I typed in my destination and the wheel kept spinning but didn't pull up anything. Seems the location feature is terrible overall. 

The app worked for me in the past, and it was great. But I think they have a bug now.
Great tool
yee
Beware! I made a non-refundable hotel reservation without realizing it using this app! Kayak customer service says that because you get an email confirmation telling you about the non-refundable hotel room after you book it, then you should know - but that is only after the fact! I didn't realize the room was non-refundable using the app. I will never use the app again!
Gr8 app makes ur tarvel search vry easy
Looks like an easy to use app but is not able to find airports in San Diego or Utah. There must be a bug in this app.
It always gives me the information Im looking for
Easy to use, excellent flights display
Will not recognize DFW airport, Dallas, Fort Worth.  Last I checked DFW was a major hub for world travel?
Great app never crashes.  Quick and effective much easier than navigating with the browser
Going on a trip to ny and it was very helpful in my choice :)
Love this app. So helpful
Wished I had this app 5 years ago before I went on my honeymoon.
Very user friendly and useful!
User friendly!! Very helpful
Organized and clean
KAYAK is my "go to" service for booking flights, tracking points and keeping up with trips past and future.
Best travel app on iPhone.
Love this app. Very clean and comfortable
A+
The best travel app out there!  My only complaint is sometimes there are better hacker fares on their actual website so you have to check both.
Best app for fast flight!
I never write reviews but took a moment to do so after the Kayak app saved me from spending another exuberant amount of money to stay in a city I wanted to return home from!! Thank you Kayak for returning me to my family economically and quickly. :)
Great app when looking for a fast flight.
This is a must have app, not only is it simple to use, but it has extras.
I love how you can create your own check list for traveling!!! 
Highly recommend for all types of traveling!!
It's a great and useful app, o recommend it!
I love this app! Use it almost everyday!
Great app and great rate finder!
We use this app all the time!
This app is literally the best app on the market. It can do anything you need it to in the way of finding anything to do with flying!;) thanks for this app!
Love this app!!
*****
Great app!!!
Very good and handy app
Does what I need it to and then some
Easy and faster!!!!!
I tried to buy my flight eight times before just buying it on the actual website. The layout for payment was all mixed up and kept telling me that my credit card was wrong. I was getting really mad.
Great airfare finder and app!
Beats all the others
In app map is easy to use, but overall other apps have more reviews for hotels
I have just started using and was looking for a flight. I checked for the same flight on Orbitz and this app located my flight for $100 less 
Very easy to use
Works like a charm.
Keep up the great app!!!
Very user friendly and efficient.
The app organizes the information in a very clear and easy to read format.
Fast, best part is u can filter thru the flights. Amazing job!
Kayak is simple to use on the computer as well as on the iPhone app. I would recommend it to anyone.
Awesome app tells u cheapest prices!
Great app
Quick results. Visually pleasing!
Great app. Easy to use. Very convenient.
finally I can check on flights with my phone. I loved kayak before but now I love it more!!!
Fantastic. Excellent user interface. Would only be better if you could pick one leg from one option for your departure flight and another leg from another option for your return flight like on the website.
If u like to travel, & have everything at your finger tips, then get this App
Excellent application
It's so fun to look at possible places to travel, then plan them! So convenient and awesome!!
Very helpful
very good
Love the app, lots of pics and useful reviews.
I like!
Easily gets you the info you need to accurately plan your next trip.
Everything in one site.
Great to check flight stats, departure times, etc. the mobile app returns higher prices than the actual online app, though. This has happened a few times within an hour of checking each. The prices could have changed in they time, but it's been pretty consistent.
Awesome app. Very user friendly and convenient. All it needs is to do is make an option to select room only or all inclusive when I reference to hotel selection. Still a very nice app.
Needs reset on change price update
Horrible App. Crashes everytime you click on a hotel listing and try to do something like look at photos.  50/50 chance that Kayak's airfare is correct - half the time when you find a fare and click to book, the Kayak listed fare is no longer available.
The only thing I don't like is inability to select non-stop flights or hotel ratings BEFORE the search. Because of that search takes longer. It would be nice to have an option to "filter" before the search.
So convenient.
Been beating the travelocity app by heaps ^^
Use it every time I book travel
Great app
Great app!
Much better than previous version.
Great app & great prices!!!!!
The easy way to save money.
Perfect app!
Its cool
Great app. Helps a lot
It will save u time and money!
Best UI, love the filter option. Very comprehensive. My fav travel app.
Great app and great prices!!! Easy to use
Gr8
Awesome app!!!
It really helps booking a flight or accommodations an easy task.
Easy to use and laid out well. Love the fare tracker notification option!
Always ready to serve and if not cheapest alternative at least a great reference point. Booked many flights, cars, hotels...
You guys are doing a great job. I plan almost all my trips through you. Keep it up, thank you.
Perfect!
Wonderful App
This app is super helpful to look up flights really fast! It's easy to use and works great.
just downloaded this app, seems very easy to maneuver around the different parts of it.
I really need this app.
This has been one of my sites and use it as my primary search for the best prices and or shortest flights!  Keep up the good job!
Superb!
Wonderful app , it need some additional option to be more useful and fast as filter by flight time take off or landing
Very dependable app
Super!!!! Useful!!!!!
Best airfares
This is an amazing app
Best of the best web site ever. Nothing come close to kayak.
I had to turn off my iPhone just to get the app to work
As easy as surfing kayak on the web
I booked a flight to london with this app and got hotels in Germany, Spain , Paris. This app is amazing
This is an awesome app :)
Worked quickly and easily as I would hope. I especially liked the ability to easily reference each airlines baggage fee policies which made the cheapest flight not the best choice in my situation. I'm just glad I'm not the guy that is banned from Kayak for life.
Kayak is already a great site, this app makes it so simple to find what you need.
Great app, has come in handy lots of times.
Great
Really easy to navigate
Love this app, super easy to use and saved my butt time and time again!
Quick easy works
So easy to use
So far so good; have yet to book so will post when that happens
Highly recommend it!
Very functional app
Super fast and convenient way to book a flight or a hotel.
Love it
I love it
Love it
Can not use app since update. Can't get passed preferences. Useless
Great app!
I bought more cheaper tickets than they have in cheapoair✈
A
Really really love it, so much comfortable
وحش 
خوش برنامج
يسهل عليك الحجز بطريقه عجيبه
بحيث ان سفرتك بالكامل عن طريق البرنامج
بمثابت المرشد
حبيتك يخرب بيتك
The best app ever !
Wonderful Interface! VERY easy to use.
I love this app... Found a really cheap round trip tickets for philippines
Great app!!!
Very detailed.
I use app quite a bit and is very useful. I have recent problem though. I can't delete my history of flight searches. All previous searches are still present. This never happened before. Please check this.
Easily navigated. This was very helpful giving me multiple options for a summer vacation.
Wonderful with how it shows you other prices and reviews
Great app and shows all the best flights
Quick and easy to use
Kayak consistently provides the best airfares on the Internet.  I travel worldwide and always use this site.  You can't go wrong!
Functions well and is easy to use. Makes planning a trip incredibly simple.
This app makes it easy to book and compare flights
Love this app -- way better than any other hotel or flight app. Easy to use, love the beacon feature. Nice work, Kayak.
So easy and makes trip planning so organized!
This is a wonderfully created and presented app!  It really can help your dream destinations become a reality as most of these properties are more than fairly priced , completely unique!!  I could keep going,  I can spend hours on here!  I cam to look at things available in Turks and Caicos and I'm already somewhere in the south pacific!  Be careful travel junkies this ones for you. Phenomenal!
Very use full and fast !!!!
so easy to use...
Gives me what I need!!!
Very easy to use and lots of info
Deserving of its high ratings, KAYAK's mobile app is as easy to use as its main site.
Great app easy to use could have better filter options
.
It's so easy to use, and the results are so quick.
Great mobile app for travel
Love this app!
Very handy for traveler's!!
Excellent++
This is an incredible App. I don't even use my desktop or laptop now I just use the app and quickly booked two flights from Europe to the US.
I love it because its easy to use and safe...😍
Love flying
Very good app
All u need for your trip . Great app
Simple to use
This is so quick and easy... Love it!!
I love this app and use it to price out flights on everything!! Very slick, quick and to the point..
Very easy to use
Very useful and convenient!
Best travel web site !!
Awesome!
Although it's not specific enough for me, it's very easy to use and very convenient.
Not much to say. I use it for all my travel arrangements and love it!
Easy to use
Easy to use
Easy to use, love it
Overall the app looks nice and searching is easy but every time I select a flight, the prices and sometimes the hours shown by kayak end up being very different than the real ones. That completely defeats the purpose of the app.
Love it a lot!
This app is packed with features. You can email them your itinerary and they will organize it and keep a copy of email so u can easily see it. U can also track flights, convert currencies etc. awesome app.
It needs a selection to select the number of beds wanted
Perfectly done! Easy to use -- download it!
One of the easiest ways to search for flights, hotels, cars.  Prices seem very competitive.
Awesome App!!!
Very good search tool
Excellent
Easy, quick, and reliable
I've used the app since its earliest days. Use it and luv it
Not a very useful app without that feature. Looked up "San Francisco" and "SFO" - no results.
Nice
Excellent search tool.
Impressive
Quick and useful
This is a good app. It's quick and very efficient
Quick & effective
I like it. Easy & quick.
This app make my life eazy
Love it
Couldn't be better unless they gave the flights away for free.
The best!
So easy and quick. Simple and the cheapest flights!
Used to be a great tool, however on this version searching for anything seems to be broken. I can't even get it to send feedback. I have deleted the app and reinstalled numerous times. Hope it's temporary.
I have used Kayak mobile in US and internationally and it is the best. I am currently in Chengdu, Sichuan (China) and I'm planning a 50 mile bicycle ride and kayak has nice hotel rooms available at my destination for $41. Cheaper than the local travel agency. 

And don't worry about comparing this app to their crappy website. It is a single site app and doesn't have any of those annoying pop-up sites. It's one of the best apps for booking hotel to hostel rooms, especially late minute reservations.
Great app
Easy..and fast to book hotel flights and cars.. Used the app to book both my Canada trip and Puerto Rico trip this year.
Good
Great App!
Just like the title says. I may not actually use it to book my flights or hotels but it let's me know what is out there.
Really usefull app
Great App.
Nice
Make life easier. Can check price anytime and even have the trend of price best app ever
It's so easy to use!
Use all the time for my travels.
The alp quits after searching a multi stop flight itinerary. Must be un installed to and reinstalled to work again.
Intuitive, easy to use, and high-functioning app that makes searching for the best travel deal something you can do while waiting in line for coffee. Love it.
This is a great app with an extremely user friendly interface. 5 stars.
I had a lot of issues pulling up prices on hotels. Everytime I tried to check a price on a hotel it says error pulling up prices. Very frustrating considering that what the app is for. Definately needs improvement!
Just an incredible app. Surly my  Most enjoyable app experience. 

Thank you guys so much.
I usually book my flights directly with the airlines but this is a great way to find where to start.
It's so organized too!
Very useful for checking flight options during boring meetings :)
Really easy to use with all the features of the website!
I like this app! Easy to use and shows good results!!! I love Kayak!!
Helped out just in time!
I love this app for finding cheap flights!!!
I love this it soo good!!
Just used 3 different flight apps and this one had the lowest fares :)
What a great app. Easy to use, and finds the best prices for air, car and hotel. Makes booking easy. The only thing that keeps me from giving it five starts is that the app does not allow for saving various airfare/car rental/hotel combos to price out alternative itineraries. I need to type the info into a spreadsheet for each option (i.e., do we trade off the cost of a lower connecting flight with a nicer hotel or should we visit one city or another based on travel prices, etc. --- Kayak: food for thought for a future release?)

In any event, the app is wonderful and we plan on putting it to good use!
Very helpful and easy to use
Crazy helpful
Easy to use, and fast results returned. Winner.
Fantastic UI!
'tis awesome.
The right app at the right time saved me a ton
Ain't none better.
Love!
Kayak is our 'go to' app for travel planning.  Been using Kayak since the beginning, even preceding when it became known as Kayak.  Meta search travel is the only way to search.
Really good app
I tried booking a flight for a certain price when I clicked it redirected me and the price was almost double what kayak was offering. That is awful!!! If you can't offer it at that price then don't advertise it for that price!!!! That's false advertising!!! I tried calling customer service and you can't get ahold of anyone unless you have their extension!!! Talk about a bad company!! False advertising and can't talk to anyone??? How do they stay in business???
Very informative
Love this app. So easy to use!  Thanks.
This is an app where you can tell time and dedication was put into it. Works very well with the iPhone 4.

Kayak itself has good service and amazing low prices on airfares. You can't go wrong with it! Can't really say much about hotel hunting though, so I will leave that for other app-users of Kayak to rate and review on that.
This App does it all. Flight purchase/tracker/check-in, hotels, car rentals, currency converter, attractions, it even shows the airline fees for each carrier and many more...
Great
Fast searching!
Great App.. Love the ease of use and graphics
all you can ever need from search flight engine
Too good
I like this app better than any other travel app. You can always find the cheapest price here, cuz kayak doesn't sell ticket istself, but provide the comparison between other travel websites. And there is a very cool function there, u can choose your departure city by simply tapping on the map, to see the cheapest price to any country on the world. I really like to play with this!
Best deals I can find
Easy to use. Faster than searching the net!
Easy to use. Nab buttons are nice.
Only used for short time. But very good to this point
I am a frequent last minute flyer and this app allow me to fit my last min. flights and hotels in a painless and convenient way.
Fast, easy and convenient for someone always checking for the best rates on a daily basis!
Better, more streamlined than the actual site! No pop-ups, such a clean, fast interface. Beautiful...
Great
Doesn't recognize my location (San Francisco) automatically or when manually entered.  Reinstalled and still doesn't work.  No reply from support either.
Amazing how u can obtain the same results on my iPod. I couldn't ask for anything more. I'm loving it.
I got the best rates :)
Very convenience and fast.
Its got it all - easy to use - fast info - great for putting a trip together....
Almost always finds the cheapest price, only once has it not and it was only by $40. Recommend for anyone who flys regularly or just a one time flyer.
Kayak.com has been a key tool for planning my summer vacation, I don't know how I ever traveled without it?!
I use this app all the time!
This app lays out everything I'm looking for
Travel never been so easy and good for all planes and international flights too!! Big Calander and times and filter is way better than other sites!!! It on my iPhone and ipad!!
This app is wonderful and very useful!!!
Love this app. I travel a lot and couldn't imagine not using Kayak now!
It's ok
Works great
The price for flights shown on the app is different from the website it takes you to. I was happy to see a price in the range I was looking for but kayak took me to jetblue's website and the price for that same flight was $80 more. Very upsetting!!!
The app is very easy to navigate, clean and clear pictures and diagrams, and just a very easy app to use, just as easy as going on to your desktop or lap top.
So far finding lots of info and easy to use
Everything you need on one easy to use app
Kayak has been the best in its class for 5 years by now. Why use anything else ?
Looking fir tickets to Europe, this app has shown me many times already cheap prices that, when I want to book the tickets, DO NOT MATCH the prices shown by the airline.  The diference on the prices was major!!!  Plus, it is almost impossible to contact anyone when a problem like this comes up.
This is great and easy to use
Great app!!
What an amazing app. I am so grateful for this...someone finally got it right.
Love it! Glad I wasn't banned for life ;)
Excellent Kayak App... Helps me dream all day long.
Simple way to search.  Stores trips already booked even if booked outside kayak. Just forward to kayak. Flight tracker is great too.
Great app. Nothing else comes close.
Great App!  Makes travel a breeze. Everything I need in one spot.
I use this app most times because I get results from different sites in one place.
Super easy to use and beautiful design
I spend a lot of time on the road and having to look at Expedia and orbitz and such gets old. This app allows you to fully customise your search with ease. I don't use anything else. Love it!!!
Great way to look up flights on the go!
Great app
Awesome
Kayak.com in your iPhone. So quick and complete when planning a trip or just looking for a place to sleep!
Easy to use and simply the best around.
This is a great app. Easy to navigate, gives just enough information and moves fast. I highly recommend this app. it's awesome 
Minimalistic, fast, efficient, everything you need. Download this app for traveling ASAP.
Simply amazing must have if you are always on the search for a good deal.
Everytime i do something it crashes and it doesnt give me results when i hit my current location...... Not a good app at all :(
So far so good...just downloaded it and did a quick flight search. Easy to maneuver & fast results.
Easy, quick, amazing travel app
Budget travelers and last minute travelers must have app. Love the maps that show where car rental pick ups are!
Very useful app to compare prices with other websites
Love it
Useful app to find the best airfares. Great UI
Gives very high (even double) prices for international flights
So easy to handle many options at the same time.  Not the cheapest options though, but is a must in order to compare flights and hotels!! Great app!
Very handy and useful app.
I love this app it is so helpful in so many ways. I still do not think I have found all the helpful things within this app not for lack of organization, but there is just so many neat things about this app. My favorite part is the "buzz" part, because my husband and I don't have exact dates for our trips we just put the info in and swipe for the best timing deal. I love the app. Great job to whomever it may concern.
This is a must have app if you travel a lot...it's easy to use and all your flights are just a click away.
Like it! One star away for not easy enough to edit your search
Compiles all relevant data in a simple, easy to use format!
Excellent App.
It's awesome. Thanks a lot!
Easy to navigate, like filter options
It has worked well for me!
I was searching round-trip flights and pushed the back button to change the return date. This app had a glitch where even though the search showed the new date, the flight details showed the previous date. I didn't notice this and booked my flight for the wrong dates, just assuming that everything was right. My mistake for not checking thoroughly, but it was the app that caused this. Ended up having to pay $325 to change my flights!!
See above
This app is very good I use it for all my flights n hotels
Very helpfull and quick app.
Its been very helpful!
Showed what I needed and easy to use
Great App!!!!
I was looking for a cheap hotel in Denver at short notice and decided to use this app to book. Not only is it streamlined and user friendly, but it's extra features (packing lists for example) go above and beyond the call of a travel app. Upon arriving at my hotel, the ladies helping me check in had lost the faxed booking information. Luckily Kaya has exceptional customer service. I spoke with Jessica, who was friendly, articulate, and quick to solve problems. She faxed the info again while remaining on the line with me to make sure they got it, and all was well. I would highly recommend this app.
I use it all the time to book my flights!!!
The prices that they offer you are not guaranteed
I used this to book my flights was very easy to use.
This has to be one of if not THE best traveling app there is
Every time I am on it eventually crashes
Great UI
This is an awesome app! I use it to book all my trips !
Love it. So much better than going to their website
It was handy before it crashes for no reason. Can't open it any more
This is a wonderful app how ever it doesn't let me increase more than 2 rooms or 4 guest.  Please fix it!
Definitely use kayak every time I fly! Super easy to use and so cheap!
So useful if you are looking for a hotel on the go
Works like a charm!
Excellent app!
Found this easy to use and booked my first trip on the app with no probs.
Good tool to determine options for business travel.
Good app
Whenever I need a great price to Mexico I check out Kayak. I recommend singing up for their alert system.
Me encanta esta app, todos mis viajes super organizados
Lo mejor para encontrar las mejores tarifas recomendadisima
Bery intuitive!!!!
Makes organising your trip a lot easier - great app!
Really quick and easy to book a flight. I love it.
Love this aap, made my life so much easier.
Awesome travel app
Useful
Recommend!
Love their app!
Planned several trips with Kayak and it's been great! Mobile app is useful and accurate!
Great app!
Love this app
very easy to use.
Planning my first trip alone, never expected it to be so easy!
Really cuts through the red tape! Will use again.
Best feature is it keeps history of your mist recent search so you don't have to redo each time! Love it.
I constantly travel to japan America and Ecuador and I have used this app with every flight.
App will not load after I select my car and try to check out
Quick and easy
Very easy to use. Definitely beats searching multiple sites.
Wonderful alternative to SideStep
Nice app- simple - great sort options.  Traveler? this will help!
Some websites are hard to navigate. Not this one.
I love Kayak, and its app is just as great! Very intuitive and touch-screen friendly interface. Sometimes when passing over to the airlines' sites, your search can be lost. But I blame the incompetent airlines ;) This app makes the nightmare of navigating complex airfare scheduling a snap. Highly recommended!
Very good apps.
Easy to navigate!
Saved a ton of money! Must have for the frequent traveller.
Very useful
Amazingly non-anal!
I love this app!!! Its amazing that the price's are great!!
Easier than using Facebook app. Works very smoothly. Very useful and handy. Fast.
Great App
Great and Helpful!
Awesome app for checking flights when you're on the go!
Great app. Convenient for me. Works well
Very easy to use and fast!
Great app! Great search engine and easy to use!
Convenient handy app. Must have for people who travel.
One of my favorite apps! :)
Makes going on vacation great
I just downloaded today, and I'm loving it already! The UI is so clean, and the prompts are intuitive enough to jump right in. Not to mention, I've found some sweet deals on 1-way flights for our multi-city wedding/honeymoon trip this summer. 5 stars easy! I even prefer the app to the kayak website. Well done, Kayak development team!
App needs to integrate with the website more fully. App does not often contain updates or changes.  I find that it is easier to access website through browser and keep the link on my page than use the app. Still has away to go.
Awesomely Helpful
Awesome app,makes getting my Marine home a breeze!
I've been using it for years and it keeps getting better. Keep it up!
Compared to other sight this is slow and doesn't seem to allow you to have two open options at the same tume
So freakin great if you like to travel.
Easier to use than their full website.
Excellent
Have been using Kayak for almost 7 years . Love it.
Love love love this app. very quick and easy to use and has everything you need to know from flight info to baggage fees
Sooooooo cooool!!!! :))))
Every thing right there.
Searched for international flights and found lots of results returned.
Supperb
It has a very good interface. Even cleaner look than the web site. I use it for all my trip searches.
I love this app n recommend to every iPhone user. It's well designed n had lowest air fare.
Ever since I found out about kayak I go here before I book any flight.  I also monitor my favorite destinations.
Always find great rates and the Berkeley in asbury new jersey was a steal of a price. Thanks kayak
Keep it up
Great design and easy to use!
Used to love this app. Has not been able to search/find cities for weeks. Please fix it.
That's the way travel search should always be.
I like this app but it still frequently crashes.  Also need to add the ability to search +/- 3 days like the web version and other sites allow you to do.
Designers really thinking!
I love to travel and this app has been my faithful companion. It's a breeze search for and booking flights. Great job with the recent design tweaks they've made!
Easy to use, but when you go to
 book the prices don't match up with 
application. They are higher! Kayak gave me 
A $282 dollar flight, but when tried to book 
It was over $500....?
Does everything I want clean, quick, correct
Make people always happy!
👍
App is very helpful in assisting finding requested information.
It rox!
It's great
This is a great travel app, I deleted most of my other travel planning apps! Thanks !
Does more than expected, more user friendly than the full site
Tremendous App! Loaded w/info.
Easy to navigate and user friendly
So convenient one of my favorite free apps!
Easy to use
Love this app. Detailed info, lots of options, helped me find the perfect flight at the lowest price.
Awesome app! Very easy to use and compare!
So far so good!
Awesome! I SO needed this! great app!
Great app! Easy to search and book my tickets.
It's fabulous! I love it.
Just booked a flight from here!
It's looks good and offer great prices.
A decent app for quick on the go bookings.
I have so many places to visit with my future wife. Kayak is really helpful to find the cheapest tickets even though she makes it worth every penny.
I'm a kayakaholic
This huge application jams up my 16GB 3GS.  It is so large that the update won't install unless directly connected to my computer but it still tries to update and causes no end of problems on the phone.  It sometimes locks the phone from making calls, interferes with other applications and when you attempt to actually run it, it does absolutely NOTHING!.  You can't even delete the miserable thing.
This is a pretty great travel app that I think will work well for most travelers. I'm used to using Kayak's website but the app is now my preferred method. Be excellent to each other! *guitar riff*
love it
This app gives you all the information you will ever need to book a vacation
Great app. Good information.
Love it
Great app! Certainly has the best deals.
I wouldn't book any other way.
Highly recommended!
Very clear and easy application!
I so love this app. It's the best ever.
I generally don't review apps but it asked me to so I will. This app is great! My travel adviser actually called me and said she was sorry but the Kayak vacation I planned was better than what she could do. Highly recommend for travelers. Only 4 stars because you can't package a trip together like Trip Adviser. Other than that it's flawless.
Great app
Nice app. I assume because of space certain filters aren't available. Only +/- 2 days filter (not 3), and no filter for FF programs... My favorite feature on the Kayak site. Other than that, app works great!
It feels like the future
Great app
I just love that the simplest things are there for me to see and find. 

Roger Out
Works great,hopefully this will get me a good flight to London
Great App!
The apps is too complete, fantastic
One of the top sites for reasonable & cheep prices , love it
Very easy to use
This used to be the best travel app, simple, easy, fast. I used it everyday! Loved the history features and the fast airfares. Could've used a better 'alternate airport' function, but I'm not picking. 

BUT with the latest version, it doesn't even launch on my iPhone4 running 5.0. 5 stars to 1. Help Kayak folks, get a fix NOW!!
It's really usefull app.... !!!
Easy to use, I use this app to make my reservation for vacations.  Compares many different sites and shows the comparison so you get the cheapest rates.
I like it!
So easy to use can figure anything out
This just may be the best interface of any app I've had. It really increases the frequency of my visits and my likelihood of using Kayak vs other similar services on my phone.
I use this app every time I start to arrange either a business or pleasure trip. Great App.
.
Very easy to navigate. Extremely quick and useful!! I'm so excited to plan all my upcoming trips right from my phone!!
👍👍👍👍
Whoever designed the user experience for this app did a fantastic job!!
I only use thus app. It's great!!
Best search
Quick & easy one stop search. 👍
Very easy to use with maps and pictures of the hotels.
Excellent app, easy to use and fast booking.
I love booking on Kayak!
It use to work month ago but now shot it off it self. It doesn't even start.. Fix it then stars will be back.
Great! Easy! Fast!
Easy to use. Nice graphics. Correct information. Glad I have this app.
Not a bad travel app
Very easy to use. Incredible interface. One of my favorite apps to use!!
Why do others even try!
With this app you can find cheap flights in few taps
So fat so good
Awesome app! Very handy and easy to use!
What a great app very helpful for those who really love to travel and to use mobile on the go.
A great site to use, period .
Best travel App
Excellent app
Nice and easy to use, find fares simply and quickly. Thank you Kayak!
Very good app
It is so useful and so well made that it turned this annoying chore that is trip planning into something I look forward to. Forward an email and it making the data into your trip plan works flawlessly, even with emails in portuguese. I dare to say kayak is a truly revolutinary service.
That's really a good app has good features
Super easy and user friendly. Very personalize able, I love using it and compulsively checking for the best rate. However it updates me on them anyway lol. I still use other sites but I rely on this one more.
Perfect.
Great functionality, clear interface, has links to the best deals.
Well done Kayak, you just took the best travel search and messed it up. After the hotels update, the app just keeps crashing.
Beware! Do not update to the newest version.
this is a very helpful website i recommend it to everyone ..
Excelente!
I have been using this app for a very long time and I like every bit of it. However, i would like to be able to add future flight itineraries unto it to as well. Keep up the good work Kayak !!!
Everything you need right at your fingertips. Love it
This app is cool. I haven't try to book any flights yet but so far this is cool app.
Muito bom
If you use this app to book flight tickets, forget it. I was using this app to book my tickets to china. It gives out the same price every time I search, and tell me the price is not available anymore every time it double check. It really gets me annoyed.
Everybody is saying how cool the ap is and how easy it is to use, but does it actually find affordable trips? Are prices accurate?
Great
Awesome
very easy to use.  Love the easy filtering features.
I didn't really expect this much functionality. It even has a basic itinerary feature.
Needs to improve the layout a bit but when it comes to booking on the go .... The kayak app is the best way to do it
I wish I knew about the last time I took a trip. I would have used it to book. I know what I'll use for my next trip....kayak!
I use this app extensively. However, it seems buggy when editing trips. It won't let me change flight times or other items. Also, would be helpful to add itineraries not necessarily purchased on the app.
I have frequented this app, very useful and accurate. It has proved to be informative and helpful when making decisions when booking our hotels.
This impressive app is even easier to use than their full website. Searching for flights is simple, even for special instances of one-way or multi-stop. You can use the app to set flight tracker notifications which make hunting for the best deal a snap. 
In addition to the excellent user interface, this app also provides information on baggage fees for each airline, contact info for airlines, maps for each airport, and a packing list.
Some discrepancies between the site and the app.
Is don't show how much is the total for my dates
Gives all the filters I need to find the best price!
This app rocks!!
1st time user. Easy to navigate. Good options.
Buba
Dnxjxnjxndjidndm ifkdi idmxislxh :D
SOFCKING GOOD!!!!!!!!
Works great!!!
What a easy to use app!
Great app!
I like the way they compare prices! So easy to use!
Easy to use and very helpful!! :)
Works well!
Does what it says.
Always gets the job done.
Convenient
I'm really at a loss of words, I don't know what to say.
Got really excited when I found this app!  THE perfect app for any traveller. Easy to use and runs smoothly.
Smooth!!!
Handles all my travel needs. Awesome!!
Easy to use, can find my flights quickly. Great app overall.
K is my go to travel app.  Great features and well designed too.
One of the best apps around!
Everything for travel planning is at your fingertips. No bugs or crashes on iPad.
Good app
I fly 100+ times per year, I rent cars every other day and sleep in hotels more than my own home.  I use Kayak to make it all happen.  Just download it.
Easy to use. Con: app closes when searching using the multi-city feature.
Simple to use!! Love this app!!
Great functionality!
Convenient, fast and doesn't crash!...
The best and easiest and cheapest rate I ever used. 
Go for it
Pretty Good!
Good usability
The app failed to convert the currency for a listed flight/train and kept the same amount or number. So midway in the booking process. 89USD became 89 Bristish Pounds. Very misleading. Attempts were made to contact Kayak but were unsuccessful.
Makes planning a last minute trip painless and headache free. Also great for trips far off because I can check daily the rates as it gets closer.
Love !!!!!! Book many vacations using kayak
Very good app to check n compare rates good job
Works very smooth, had no problems and it's a great format
This app has made checking for flight, cars reservations very easy. It is outstanding.
Really cool app and helpful for someone usually travel and student too
👍
It's such a helpful app. I really like it
Love it!
Top of the line travel search site, simplifying the eternal search for the lowest fares.
Very good app
Love this app good deals!!!
This is good.
Awesome ticket app
You guys are the greatest I give 10 for the excellency
Awesome
I have this app on my iPhone and iPad. It's great and super helpful. The problem and what I think is missing is that on the iPad, you can't set up price alerts/notifications. That would make it better.
Very Good App!!!!!
This app is great for searching, booking and tracking flights. I love the way it shows where the air plane is every moment in tracking mode.
The best app ever for travel
Idk what I did before kayak, but this app extremely helpful and easy to use! I get alerted every morning when the price goes down and it makes it easy to compare flights from different departures
Excellent App!!!!!
Just great.
Great app. East to use and has great info.
It works without a hitch to find the best airline, hotel, and rental car deals available.
Great app. Like it.
Great app. Navigation is simple and flights are at the lowest cost.
Got my flight wayyyy cheaper den i planned
Has proven to be one of the most reliable site for travelers consistently
Good , love the price
All travel n low rates!!!
So easy to use and the cheapest airfare.
Save yourself a lot of time and $$$ this app is incredibly awesome!!! Thanks!!
Checked the prices of hotel rooms on Expedia and this app has competitive prices as relative to that site. Additionally the plane tickets prices are the best around. This app allows for a one stop shop for travel and lodging in any country or city around the world.
Great app to use. It remembers what I was searching for and the selection process to find what I need is easy. User friendly fast.
It's easy to use, fast, useful, and intuitive. And the alert for price change is very handy. Great app.
Easy to use, booking hotels was fast.  A little hard to compare hotel senior rates.
Absolutely love it, I find the cheapest flights possible and it's soo easy to use, great app
I really like the site on the computer so I downloaded this for my phone.
Super intuitive.
Just the best
awsome！a very useful app for travellers to compare the prices and to check the details of the route.
I stayed in one of their request and LOVED IT!!!! Easy to help find what your looking for!!
Seriously found flights for half the price I found on any other flight
Nice app.  Works well.
Easy and fast... Love it
Easy to compare prices
Cleanest UI of any travel site, the only thing i use
This app is very easy to use. Will definitely use in the future.
the last update now gives me rates for today.  I was in Boston and had not gotten a room for the night, the rates were amazing and had many hotels.  Would like to see these rates more easily, but so far the best trvel app i have seen.  I pretty much only use KAYAK now the other apps are a waste of space since i see Kayak rates and other sites as well.  The KAYAK rate seems to be best.  Keep the updates coming for sorting and things.
Great App and latest features are great. Sill loses ability to search for multicity efficient options
Well thought out app.
Excellent app for finding flights.
It is good and handy
But hotel and car rental rate abit more than others
Good app, but it'd be helpful to have a way to plan all trips and look at them if not yet booked tickets/accommodations.
The app works great but I can't figure out how to delete my flight search history.
I love using the application and he website to track flight and hotel prices. Simple and easy to use. Highly recommended!
My iPhone app returns better and more results than my iPad app. Doing the same search several times on the iPhone causes app to lock up.
Booking was easy and quick and got the best possible price
Seems like on this app Hawaii doesn't exist so I have to use the website, which is fine but it would be more convenient to use the app. I wonder why I can't search for this state!!
One of best air fare apps. Kayak has made it super easy to browse fares.
Always gets me great deals, and shows other websites prices!
The best!!!!
Why I didn't use this before was a waste of my time! This is such a great app, I totally recommend it
Very useful and great deals!!
Love this app fast convenience but it well be more better if we could have a package deal ...
Easy, user-friendly access to all the great travel deals offered through Kayak.com. Highly recommended for the cost-conscious frequent traveler who occasionally gets the urge to spontaneously bounce…
Wonderful app... Instant updates and easy to access
Very easy to use and the informations are up to date.
Well done app.  It is very user friendly, and very helpful for what it does.  I highly recommend it.
Nice & easy to use, & lots of useful information. Great :-)
I should have used a better app, but I really can't remember when. Kayak is the most useful,friendly,fast and fun app I've ever used. I highly recommended it.
I check flights, rent cars and hotels everyday.
Easy and well designed. Love to use it!
Awesome
Best way to find a place to stay at any price range.
Great
Easy to use and works great!
I'm not very good when it comes to high tech stuff! Lol but Between iPhone4S and this app I'm impressed! Easy to use! Accurate!
It's very efficient and easy for me to use compared to other apps. I love Kayak!
Awesome app
Great app!
Haven't had any problems with it crashing. Love being able to see the variety of prices and reviews ate extremely important.  We have used it on our travels and rely on it for recommendations!
Great stuff
Loved old app.  New one looks great, easy to use, but crashes
Kayak has nailed it!
Keeps crashing... And have to start search over...really ANNOYING !
This The best Travel app for the experienced and inexperienced traveler. So easy to use. Quick results! Just excellent!
Not accurate enough and no option for least expensive travel time.
Such an easy way to find flights, hotels, and cars. It's the best of all of the travel sites packed in one!!!
Love it for looking up flights!  Very easy to use and the filters work great to weed through all the flights to find specific times frames.
No hay nada mas q buscar
I really like how I can see $'s without forking over a card!!
I love this app and use it all the time, but, this latest update keeps crashing and renders the app unusable. iPad 3, IOS 5.1.1
Please fix it soon as this frequent traveler needs Kayak!
Allows me to stay on top of my travel details at all times on my trip.
The old Kayak HD app was a fast and useful godsend. This new version is just as sloppy and slow as any other airline website. 

Oh well. No more bookings via the app from me...  Sayonara Kayak... Seems you pooped in your own punchbowl.  But why?  The Fonz join your design team after some shark jumping?
Well organized
Awesome App!
The best Flight Search App for iPhone.
easy to use and very speedy.
I love this app! I was able to use it several times, but the important time was when I was planning a girls weekend out. All hotels was trying to over charge because of the holiday but using this app I was able to get a great price!
A++++++++++++
This app used to work fine but now it just crashes without ever even opening.
Best ever.  Better than using a desktop.
This app is quick and efficient, save time and money on travel plans by using this
The only wish-list item for me would be 
to be able to crawl through all US airlines
(JetBlue, Southwest...)
Use for air & hotels. The grid is great.
Seeing the features, I used it for a trip in parallel to using TripIt. Kayak is useless, literally. It got all my trip segments, so much so that it sends me reminders by email. If I access the website, my trip is all there. But in the app, I am told I have no trip! That is, when it allowed me in with my password because most of the
time, my seconds-ago changed password is rejected. Furthermore, the feature tracking "on time" flights informed me of a flight on time. Expedia and TripIt sent me emails that that particular flight was cancelled. Nothing from Kayak. Why pile up features when the simplest and most essential ones like "password access" and "my trips" are just not working? TripIt is the way to go!
Love the look..easy to use and has come in very handy!!
I love this works great!
Very convenient, easy, quick, useful!
Doesn't work without a WiFi connection.
Very convienent. Easy to use.
Well, that may be a bit much but kayak and an iphone make travel so much easier.
Easy to use!  Great to help fantasiZe about ur next trip.
This app helps me alot
Great service, unbeatable prices
ALL the info we need to have in one place! Thank you
That it would include packaged vacation deals or deals for places that you plan on visiting.
Kayak is, by far, the best travel app!
Love that prices are FINAL, taxes included etc.
A real timesaver
Love using this app to book everything
Easy to operate!!!
Great site that saved me time and money!
Love it very convenient
Perfect.
Always rely on kayak
Bill
Great app. User friendly.
It works great for me....
Great
Best app ever. Basicly does all an agency would offer to you in one click
Great app... Very helpful and user friendly!
As soon as I started using this app I felt that it wanted to sell me stuff more than help me plan my trip. I did check a couple of flights and found that the prices were not exactly competitive--my local travel agent was able to offer tickets that were approx. USD 120 cheaper. I'm now using the TripIt app instead to plan my trip and am happy with it so far.
This is a must to have app..
I love this app.
Great app. Would be even better if I could have the option to check for direct flights on one way and non direct on the way back.
Thank you!
This is an amazing app! I wish I downloaded it earlier!
Love the details. Used it to book my vacation to the keys. Very informative.
Great for multiple bookings. We wanted to stay a few days in each stop. Kayak is also very good for picking up a car in one city and dropping off in another.
This is a great way to keep all my business and personal trips organized in one place. It's very user-friendly. I love it!
If you believe that not leaving the apartment is the perfect vacation, then this app is not for you. But if you desire to travel past you zip code, then this a must have next to fresh underwear and air. So get your travel check list ready and get out there. There is only so mug time you have to live, might as well get in debt over a plane ticket and hotel rather then the usual stuff. It's hard times, so do what I do, go to a beach you can't pronounce, have a drink you cant pronounce and have a personal tlc day/week/month. You deserve it.
Love this app! It is so easy to use!
It is a needed app for a traveller, very nice app, updated data all the time.
Very good app, I use it often.
Love this app
Love Kayak and its options are the reason I use their website over others, but the app could use some tweaking such as adding arrival date for long time zone crossing international flights. I agree about the flex date options, would like to see more of that on here too. Otherwise...quick and easy to navigate!
Great app and website. I live by it when traveling.  Don't leave home without it.
Good for quick glance at airline rates, but does not allow same level of detail as Website (e.g. Flex date grid)
Time Saver!!!!
I really have enjoyed it. 
Very easy to open the app and select destination within min without having to use a computer, which may take a bit longer. 
Very pleased.
Love this app! Very easy to uses scan check multiple airlines at once!
It's a great app for translate but doesn't upload all trips or I couldn't find them.
Great app!  So easy to use just like the website!
Good app
I really miss the old app. So much easier to use. History section was awesome. The day before day after search was awesome too
Very simple and easy to use.
Like it so far.
Get it now! You won't be disappointed.
Awesome App
Simple, and easy to use . Was up and running in no time.
Great app
It is the best app ever.
This app is better than most other apps have.
Very goooooooood
Very useful
I don't know what else can I say except that it's GREAT.
Works good can't beat the price
Love it
Good work...i like it
This is a great program
This app is very intuitive and easy to use. In a few minutes you can find what you are looking for and you can always find it in your history when you are ready to click the buy button.
So cool. I love it!
:)
Best app
Perfect travel app simple, fast and powerful!
Cool app!
Where have you been all my life. lol!
So informative and helpful to plan trips.
I think this is a really really great app.
Quite well done. 
Easy to use. Love it.
Love this app lots!
Good
This is so easy! I highly recommend it to anyone.
I've had no problem with it. Highly recommended.
Friendly application and some great features
Awesome app, I find it better to use than the regular website!
..well, I think: NOT BAD! NOT BAD!!!!
 Great job to the developers.
Great app. It's very interesting.
Great features and a very clean and smooth interface.
Very helpful. I like how it displays different websites' pricing as well as their rate. Super easy to use. This app has already saved me some cash. Thanks!
Limited capability
Getting prices from a variety helps
Works great.
This app is so awesome! It's totally my new favorite app! 
Love this app
This app hands down smokes any other travel app out there. Customer service is kind and courteous and if you have any problems they will definitely resolve the issue. This app needs to be a part of anyone lives who enjoys traveling.
Good and easy free app
I can always find useful information in this app. It saved me lots of time!
I've used this site for years- and the app takes the same experience and makes it phone friendly.
Incredible must have app
Great app! Use all the time.
Have loves using it from day one.
Does exatly like the webpage.
Easy to use and fast!
Currency converter is not accurate, but nothing is perfect in this world
Very rich app
Awesome app easy to use and also faster than most apps I used
Very easy to use. Thanks!
My go to app for travel!
Great App to find and compare prices.
Perfect app i found flights that i dodnt find in any other site and at pretty great price i love it
Great app!! Shows better deals than any other travel app!! Best free app for finding travel deals!! Highly recommended!!
Anyone who travels should have this app!
I enjoy Kayak, and it's convenience. I'm overall satisfied.
Fantastically well-built app! I prefer this app vs the full site!
I can book while laying in bed at home, or while at work
Very fast and accurate really love this app I will recommend to anyone.
Faster than the full site
Incredibly fast and user friendly.  A must have for frequent travelers!
Absolutely pathetic. I booked a hotel room for my husband in San Francisco, paid for it al on Kayak. He went to check in yesterday and NO RESERVATION!!! The hotel calls Kayak and the kayak operator claims to have faxed the reservation info to the hotel, even though the hotel does not take reservations by fax. You'd think kayak would know how to make reservations with their vendors. Also, even though my credit card had been billed the payment issue was not resolved at checkin and Needless to say my husband didn't get into his room till past midnight.
Mejores ofertas y pagina mas completa.
I am able to book my flights, car, & hotel in one spot and have enough money to party at home.
Easy to use and very, very helpful!!!!
Takes out the stress of searching for hotels
My first time using this website was to book a flight to Tokyo, Japan. Now that I finally upgraded to the iPhone, (it was ab time!) I have reaffirmed how much I am absolutely IN LOVE with Kayak as my no. 1 go to travel agent!
Kayak has been recommended by experts because of its ability to check all the major consolidators as well as airline, hotel and car rental companies sites. I have relied on it for years. Having said that, the iPhone app is still a pleasant surprise. It's amazingly fast, flexible and easy to use.
Perfect app, very quick and efficient. Love the convenience. Highly recommend this app.
Works properly
I really like being able to apply filters and the map view.
Easy to use seamless interface. Just booked a flight and car with this app.  

Only criticism I have is that when it takes you to an outside website within the app, you can't turn the screen. Maybe that is not possible though. 

Overall, totally love this app and highly recommend.
5 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
Well written app
This app is great helps planning a vacation to easy. Gives me time to watch my sports and keeps my lady out my ear. Because it has all the answers
Love it
Kayak rules hard. Cheapest plane tickets on the info highway
Fast helpful
Solid search engine. Good information.
Easy site to use.
Pretty good, satisfied with it.
Great findings
Kayak has good search results and is efficient in making reservations.  The display of results is clear, the contents are accurate, and the service is professional.  I am impressed.  I will use Kayak often.
Excellent search engine
Easy to use and get accurate information !!
Great app
I use this all the time and it works great.
I love the new UI but flexible date searches are no longer available!

I need the +/-3 days search tool. 

Where oh where has it gone?
Very Clean, lots of functionality. Awesome app!
I really love this application:) it does everything it is meant to do and it does it well :)
Just get it!
Excellent !
dume app nhu deo nguoi ta vay thang nao con nao ma read cai nay la cho de con me no
This is save me time and money
Very good
I can get on Kayak.com on my iPad to look up flights, but somehow your app has no connection. Why in the hell would I use your app that doesn't work when I can just get online with my iPad instead? What is this app for?
I am loving this app.  I now know when to actually pull up to the terminal.
Very good app and I use it frequently.
This is a really wonderful app. 
Very nice app
Very quick '
Great app
If you travel you need this app...
Flight time/gate update faster than airline app and My Trips keep everything a tap away.
User friendly and easy, love it!
I love it cause I travel quite a bit.
very good app
I am a military wife and we move A LOT! So being able to see more than one flight at a time is nice. I wish they had a way to limit the layover time! Who wants to spend 6 hours at some airport...;) other than that def a great app!
Nice offers
Absolutely incredible app! It's fast, it's thorough, I find it easier to use than the website (sorry Kayakers!). It's given me instant results that are easily filtered, easily sorted, easily sent to my girlfriend. Can't ask for anything more than that! I am a really picky app guy. This is one I definitely like and choose.
Fabulous easy to find flights ANYWHERE
This app is extremely easy to use! It lets you do everything you could online but even simpler. Great for travel. You can even compare to other sites that offer the same service. 5 stars is not just being nice, they earned it.
Love to use it!
This is really helpful:)😃
Easy to use and almost always one of the lowest airfares!
Great app on iPhone 4s. Occasional crashes.
Very good travel app
Just like its website, easy and simple to use. Need prices to show in local currencies such as AED
It's been making my adventures so much easier to plan on the fly!
All one can ask for, even easier than the full website!
This app helped me plan a trip to my hometown and I was able to get the cheapest ticket, thank you so much Kayak!
Love the ability to set the filter for layover airport!  Use whenever need to make a trip.
Simply amazing and super easy to use!
Easier to use than a computer!
This app is great: when will packages be added to the alert function? i.e. car, hotel, flight package.  Love using, it's super intuitive!
The app is relatively easy to use.  Wish I could look at vacation deals
Awesome!!!
Very useful, quick, and lots of flights and prices to choose from. Makes travel easy.
I've been Kayak'ing for over ten years and I've never been let down. Now things are even easier with the APP and it still merges over to all my saved travels as long as I'm logged in.
This app is a great tool to use on the spot to plan your next holiday or business trip. Very easy to use and navigate.
The best trip planning app that I have seen. Very good!
Good to search fares, for booking it's better to do it on a laptop!
Great App, fantastic for use on the go!
Absolutely the best for dates and airports
Outstanding,,, best I've tried yet!!
Works good for me. Would prefer to search by time of day as well
It crashes and forces a restarts every time I try to search for a hotel within a date range.  Right after the list of hotels shows up, it crashes.
Excellant
Nice options for flexible searches. Nice integration with calendars etc.
Great app to find flights with all your requirements
The most important part: flight search does not work. App just quits when u try to search for an airport.  Website mo better. Wrong prices all the time.
It's cool
This is the best app for comparing flight prices. The app is so easy to use. I absolutely love it.
I've used apps from Orbitz, United, Priceline and others but all pale in comparison to Kayak. A truly stunning application that's a pleasure to use and doesn't appear to be slanted to one airline over another.
Made it easier to view multiple airline at once. Tried it on my own took triple the time than kayak. Loving it so far.
Works fine
Very convenient! Thanks
Wonderful
Great app
This app is really helpful! I'm a kid and i'm looking to plan a trip to Los angeles.    
I'm finding some great deals! Thanks kayak!!!
This website is ABSOLUTELY THE BEST!!  I use a lot of different websites but Kayak is simply amazing!! The way it presents it's search results is a work of art! It's informative, concise and to the point! Great search & saves $$$. 
LOVE IT !!!!!!!
Quick and simple app.  Gets you what you need in a blink of an eye!
Easy to use
A must have for anyone who is planning to travel
Their app is one of the best out there, and even better than their website!
Great app...only thing I wish could be added is the ability to search for more than 2 rooms at a time. Other than that it's awesome...
Easy to use
Fast and easy
It's very very helpful!
Easy and reliable.
What a great way to compare and contrast prices on all your travel needs I have gotten awesome deals off this site
If you are needing to book travel, this is a great ap.  very easy to use and navigate.
So easy to use this app!! Don't know why I didn't use it earlier!
So convenient and greatly laid out! Love it.  I have yet to book for my first time though... Hope it's simple.
Great app. It has everything you need and even things you didn't think you did but once you see them you realize how helpful they can be. Very user friendly and aesthetically designed.
Simple and easy to use, search all possible airlines quickly.
This is the best travel app in the app store.
It helps me check every day if there is a low price and helps me find the best deal and flight!!!! Also let's me create a check list for when I am packing for my flight!! <3 must have for all travel!
Beautiful, simple app for travel. I email all itineraries to kayak and they instantly show up in the app, with flight numbers, gate changes, etc.
So easy to use
Thank's
Perfect app for planning a trip!
This is my favorite app by far!
Excellent app
Works like a charm.
Excellent interface
i think this is one of the most usefull apps ever
Very user friendly.
This is my #1 app when it's comes to looking for cheap travel.
I like the built in flexibility
This app is great!!! It's easy and really simple to use. Not to mention it got me the lowest rates on airfare. I'm so excited and save $500 alone on airfare using this app. Saved great on hotels too. Kinda wish I would have booked my cruise on here. Trust next time I will.
Just download it but so far it good.
Easy and informative. I love it!! I recommend this application :)
I love using this app it helps me a lot
You will never find a better app
It crashes instantly on my iPod touch
Great app when planning a vacation or quick getaway!
Just amazing.
Prices are great ! Love it
Seems like a great app with lots of features but when I downloaded it and signed in...it would only give me hotels and flights for California. I'm in FL -_-
Great app! The kayak.com website has an option to include the checkin baggage in calculating the fare. That's really a very useful and convenient feature which saves the effort of going to a particular airline's website to check the baggage fee. It would be great if the app also includes this feature.
I like the app but I set up an alert for a specific flight and I never get a notification on the deals. Does anyone know how to setup? I tired going in settings to fix it but I am unable to.
✌quick and convenient u can't go wrong.
^^^^^ it explains it all
Great app and idea. I used it, worked great and easy to use. Very bright people thought this one out well. -Thank You
LOVE
I will use this again and again. Easy to navigate and quite enjoyable.
Easy for busy travelers
This is hands down one of my very favorite apps. Fully recommended.
Everything works just like I like it to work.
I like it better than going on actual computer. Simple, complete, competent, quick!
I think this app is so awesome.
Prices aren't accurate when you go to purchase
Very informational feed backs
Love it!! Very easy and convenient to use
Love this app and thinks its pretty simple and straight to the point!
A great app through and through.
Satisfied  this is all I have to say!
Super easy to filter sort and navigate!!
This is fast, useful, and accurate. Awesome. Just what I needed!
Very useful an easy to use. Well done!
I love kayak and I love their app! The prices are always right on no added fees! Quick and easy!
Very handy!! I would recommend this app!
Highly recommend this app!
Without a doubt THE BEST
Awesome
This app is great
Not great for hotels - usually priced higher than other search sites or hotel websites
I live it it's fast and easy to use!
 I'm super happy with it.
I love this app!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love using this app to search, find, and book the best deals. Can easily compare prices and I love using the Buzz feature to find when the cheapest time of year or of the month to fly.  Booking your flights and hotels is simple.
The best yet
Kayak is so easy to use!
I like this better than other similar apps. 
 Great idea and great execution. Luv it.
Good app !!! Its work for me
Says it all
Excellent, Easy and Efficient !
Great and very helpful!!
Great app. Wish there were a way to clear out a search, for privacy reasons. Would have been 5 stars if not for that.
I absolutely appreciate this app. It saves me time by using the daily flight tracker (reviews my flight selection daily and alerts when there is a lower priced flight), and the auto fill is a time saver from tedious tasks. I use to hate checking flights daily, but now this app does the work for me.
Love using it!
Good for comparing and sometimes you can find some cheap flights...
Easy!
Great!!!
Fast and easy to use. Great app.
Easy to use, fast, and useful
Great awesome
Easy to use and easy to see many options
Fast and easy!
I have been able to use this app. Both in North America and Europe. Very useable information and well written app.
Saves time, fast and efficient!
Flexible and easy to use
Awesome! Very informative
Its very smooth and easy to use .... Crispy.
Loved it. It's very easy to find flights.
Excellent website
I love makes planing a trip easy
Super easy search with all the bells and whistles.  Also great built in tools like fare alerts, airlines baggage fee reference table, currency converter...
If you are looking for a travel app that offers the necessary functions and features and an intuitive interface,  look no further.  This one is it!
If you want to find the cheapest fares on flights, Kayak is super easy to use. It will even send you notifications when it finds cheaper fares.

You'll love this app!!
So Easy! Anybody can use it! Great Deals too!
Works perfect. Use it on the road to find exactly what I want. No disappointments!
Best app ever for a vacation list and more i mean it is just perfect it has everything you need to go to a vacation and be ready to leave with everything you need and tells when you should leave and when this app is perfect to have a vacation.
Using app on iPhone 3GS and it does an excellent job of allowing you to drill down to the tiniest detail and then you can e-mail results to yourself or someone else. I love being able to compare prices with other major travel sites.
Not only is this app ahead of other travel apps, it blows their websites out of the water too!
This app takes the work out of looking for fare deals. You can broaden your search from a month, all the way down to the hour, while still comparing the best fares. It also features other travel necessities like a hotel and car finder, which makes it a one stop shop. This app is awesome, plus it's free! So download it and stop reading reviews!
Like it!
Simple to use, and fast.  Calendars that are laid out well, and a clean results page make finding flights quick and easy.  Going back to change search parameters are a snap since all criteria are remembered when going back the search page.
Love the options the app provides with flexible dates and locations!
This is the greatest APP since slice bread.  It is so fun.. Got to try it.
This used to be an excellent app. Now it is a feed to Expedia and is slower than the browser. The selections aren't as good as before either. Don't bother with this version.
This is easier On an iPhone than most are on a desktop with a keyboard. I love the option to expand dates 1-2 days.
Great app!!!!
I've been using Kayak on my pc for years. This mobile app is pretty nice.
Love this app!! Crashes occasionally, but overall very useful. Needs the ability to save hotels to FAVORITES to make it 5 stars & worth the PRO upgrade. It's good enough to secure homepage real estate on my iPhone!
A really nice app and I'm sure it'll make you excited too. 
Seems pretty easy
This app just works!
Awesone
Great help!!
I absolutely loving this app! It works so great! 
I love this app. It's so easy to use and works great.
This app is outstanding! 
It's the first site I use every time. It's so convenient.
So easy to use.
Great FYI site!
this app is very useful and I convinced most of my friends to download it.
Very user friendly.
An easy programme to fix your trips!
Wow. No regrets about this one. I'm pretty impressed how it actually delivers.
Just booked my first flight since downloading app for only 64$ sign up for free email confirmation use at airport
Yuppers!!!
Awesome app
Now I can get my mom to take me to LAS VEGS!!!!!

P.S I'm just a 10 year old¿
Easy and fun to use
Very good app
Works like a charm. I can recommend this to anyone.
It's ok needs to be a LiL more accurate
It works every bit as well as it should.
Best traveling app to date!
Really tight 
Great app which I use all the time.
Excellent. Performs as advertised.
Works great.
Great, great, great
I like it.
Way better then Travelocity! Prices & reviews and the works!
A must have app!
Ok
App is great! It is a must have app that everyone needs. Very helpful with the best prices! Very easy to use and you have flights, hotels, etc. at the tip of your fingers!
I love the function where you give it a date and it gives you a world map with prices of where to go
This is just amazing! Travelling is made much easier now!
I love this app!  I have been using Kayak to book my travel for a little over a year and find it to be a great site.  Having the app just makes a good thing even better
Perfect
Never seen or heard of a faster more reliable travel website.... From flights to cars to hotels.... Completely useful and helpful..... LOVE IT.....
good experience for a first timer user
This app is way easier than a few of the others.  It sorts well and remembers your last search so you can keep looking quickly.

The frustration is when you click in a flight to reserve it, so often the website it takes you to has already increased fares.
This is a well written app. I only use the flight tracker but that works great and even shows the live map of where the plane is in the sky. Pretty sick.
Every time I put ewk(new jersey) and search it chooses a different airport location like JFK(new York) and I hate that...once that's fixed then it's all good.
The best price for a hotel out of 5 was $286. I went to Priceline and named my own price for that same hotel and got it for $150. Worthless app, they only search their own companies!
You have a great product here.
This is one of the coolest apps for sure.
Great functionality, ease of use is also good.
Very good overall.
Easy and fast !!!
Simple and efficient, just like the website
Really convenient to check flight available.
The best travel apps.  Very advance and easy to find information.
Very nice application much better than the hotels.com application. it's Map plugin is very good and it not only list just the city that I'm searching for but also has a good sounding area search which gives you more choices. Gives more listing in one page then hotels.com. Overall a better ui and better deals
I often double check other sites, and these fares/times are the best.
Very easy to read and get into
Really useful
This Kayak app makes everything SO easy!
It's all categorized and fun to use.
I've found cheaper prices elsewhere, but I still love it.
Get this app!
Better than the computer. This app is a piece of cake.
Good app
This app is very easy to use.
Fast and easy!
Really easy to use.
Love it
It makes searching for flights very easy and it comes with a nice looking user interface. Get it.
Haven't found a real problem as of yet. Just a continuation of the website.
This is easy to use and is really is a great app!
Why hasn't kayak existed before?
Easy to use Travel App, even easier then the desktop website. Found my flights fast. No complaints.
Fast and easy to use
It has everything I need.
Just download this app. It's extremely easy to use. Was able to find and book a hotel in just a few mins.
On my smartphone, I can text or email flights to others, so they can  see my itinerary. On this one, I can't do it unless I create travel by forwarding my actual travel receipts? No thanks....
It is easy to find my flights
It is really the best
I love this app because it is so easy to use. I check flights everyday to see the difference and the ones I like I ema to myself.
Ease of use
I love this app and I use it all the time. 
I'm very happy with app. I use it daily and never have any problems.
Really really cool app!
This app is very useful.
easy to use, don't have to surf all the sites!
This is so handy
Kayak is the best when it comes to room reservations; on my last trip to Vegas got the room I reserved without any problem
Thank you for this apps 
Good day for ever
Bay,,,
Great app
Good work! I'm impressed with what I've seen, and hope to see some improvements in the future.
I like it, just like their website, clear and easy
I highly recommend this. Wonderful app for iPhone.
Makes traveling easy even for a first time flyer like myself
I like it so far, I'm planning a trip with my girls and it's helping out a lot
Really does work great.
Fast service with the cheapest flights!
I first downloaded this app with I had a Blackberry Curve, the on my HTC Evo and now on my iPhone 4s. It is everything that I have come to expect from Kayak. It's efficient and many times offers great last minute deals.
Very Good App and good design, easy to use
Love kayak! App is great but it has freezes and crashed on me. Reinstalled hope that fixes these issues.
Love it!  Easy to use and info sortable and complete.
It's a very helpful app to have
I really like this app. It is extremely easy to use and works 100% of the time.
This is pretty good.
The best
Thank for this app, simple, easy and fast. Great job.
Kind regards 
Dodokh
Fast and true
Works like a charm.
This is the best app ever! 
This is no doubt the best app I've installed recently.
Works very well.
Fast and accurate. Easy to navigate.
Very Helpful.
I booked a last minute hotel reservation, and in a few minutes the reservation was made. From my experience, I believe that Kayak's system is simple and information goes through quickly. I recommend this App to anyone who does not plan ahead. 👍
Very useful app!
I planned a trip to Hawaii using Kayak. It made searching and selecting flights simple and helped find the best rates!
Love all the filter options, love that it works so well for complex international trips
This app is ok but when I go to hotel finder it will only let up 4 people stay but 8 people are going and it will only let me have to rooms but I need up to 4...... Not good if you have more then 4 people staying in a hotel......
Awesome app for evaluating international travel options.
I like the prices
Most convenient price comparison app!
The very best
Gr8 aap
Nothing like this.., is amazing!! The best!!
This app does everything I need it to do. I dont get on my computer to do kayak anymore.
This app is really great
:)
Comprehensive,thorough all the info one needs,photo,prices and maps. Wished we had this app when we were traveling last summer. Oh,yes. Absolutely love your clever and insane commercials,well done you crazy guys!
All that and more. 
Nice and easy no funny stuff
Only wanted to search cruises cause their mobile site hangs and is not optimized properly for mobile devices and can't even search friggin cruises on their app. Was useless for me.
Love the idea.
Easy to find flights but the app sometimes freezes on my iPhone and iPad.
Recommended.
It's very good and easy to use
Definitely worth installing.
Everyone should get it.
La major aplicacion muy facil de usar y muy util al momento de reservar tu ticket para viajar. Kayak la recomiendo 100% positive
Rangers lead the way
Best I found
I use it everyday.
One of the coolest programs. Get it.
Me gusta. La app esta muy buena
Easy to use, hasn't given me any problems at all, has been very reliable.
I was really disappointed that I could only search and book hotels for 4 people. We have 4 kids so this app is completely useless to me. Please update so those is us who have bigger families can search for rooms.
Easy to use. Responsive and logically sequenced.  Sort functions didn't always seem to work after a search provided a list.
Use it all the time. Easy to navigate, good choices.
Great interface! Love it.
Great app for obsessive flight price checkers.
Search and display great. When you go to book sites though, the experience falls apart. Delta, for example, isn't iPad optimized and you get stuck.
Excellenta'!!!
Super easy to use!
I love using this app it's quick and easy to understand. I get the cheapest prices to the exact time that the plane is leaving. There are many different times  available on this app also!!(: it's a must download it doesn't freeze no viruses and it's awesome !!!
Love it! I search regularly and it always comes through for me.
And their website is even better!
Great App!
I like Kayaks swift and reliable service, however, my app crashes on both my iPhone and iPad.
When it is fixed, I will rate this app higher.
I like the simplicity of the app & how you can search & modify your search faster than in the desktop version. However, I miss having the option to see charts & recent deals you get in the desktop  version.
This app would be more effective if the flight tracker showed accurate gates and updated when they change.
I have tried different travel apps, but never found something as good.
Simply, the best app.
Great app!
Living it
Does the job for me. Easy to use.
Genial!
So easy to use and no clutter like a full website
Switched to the new iPad version because orig said it was being discontinued. New version useless. So what is being discontinued is my use of Kayak.
This app is totally amazing. Great job!
Prices are not always the cheapest.
Best way to price tickets. Now if only I could figure out when I wanna go lol
Try it everyone. You won't regret it!
Sweet app! Great interface, speed and accuracy.
Use it a lot and it's very helpful, but not always accurate.
Love it.
This app is amazing. With its all in one appeal I was able to book a getaway car, find a cheap motel and a flight to Mexico all in just minutes. If it wasn't for Kayak they might have caught me. Thanks Kayak
Great App !!
Love it!
It was just super simple to use. I really like it. You can see a ton of different air lines arts witch makes it so much simpler to find a flight.
Amazing Speed And Accuracy .
Very helpful and easy to use thank you
Quick and easy, how I like it!
Easy to use and quick.
Best travel app I've used
Very easy to use
Been using kayak for years. They keep getting better! Get it and don't bother with any other apps
Easy to use. Could use a "vacation feature".
Fast and easy to use.
Just like website
$$$$ helped me save some
This app gives me a better idea of the hotel I am staying at, and at the same time delivers photos that I was unable to find on other websites.
I just downloaded this new version.  Tried doing my first search.  It closed partway through, won't open now.  Old version worked fine. Darn!
What a great site to use with the I phone  I travel every month and this makes it easy
App is really good n works really well n quick
A very satisfying package. I couldn't have made my trip cheaper without it.
It works like something you'd pay $20 for.
Planning tip to Dallas it is so easy to use !
I am using this app to estimate what It will cost to go visit the love of my life in Argentina:) it is fun to find what the best deals would be! And very easy to use!!
Very compact and in one place :)
I'm planning a trip abroad and this app is amazing. The filters make it easy for me to figure out different details, it super user friendly, and its also fast!
Amazing how so much Kayak has packed onto the iPhone with such ease of use. Well done!
I am a service member stationed overseas and Kayak's services have saved my soldiers and me hundreds of dollars with their seamless and comprehensive searches and services. There are a few other European airlines I would like to see incorporated, but otherwise a fantastic service.
Kayak is an amazing app. Works flawless on my iPhone
Great app!
Kayak is a must for any common traveler as well as travel industry folks.
Excellent apps, must have for travellers.
Let's go...!!!
What a lifesaver! Very easy to use and so thorough. Definitely one of my top 10 favorite apps.
Convenient
Very easy to use. Love the filter & search features.
Great prices!
I have used and loved Kayak online for years - the app version lives up to expectations. So easy to use to find flights just like the website. Haven't tried booking directly thru the app yet.
Quick easy and great deals on flights
App is nice but a lot of times you don't get the flights for the price that comes
up on the search results.
I like the app! Fast and does everything I want! Also has cheap rates!
I love this App. It is a handy app for traveler.
Best thing ever
does the job
Love Kayak, but app struggles and crashes often. Especially after newest update, crashes every time on multi-city search. Barely bother using it any more.
Great app And very efficient
Does everything I need it to.
It's very convenience to find flight & hotel !!!!
Quick and easy to use. Maps are great. Could use more pix and reviews.
Awesome! Easy to use!
This app works really well. Nice filter functions. Very easy to use.
Great to use when looking for a place to stay. Easy to handle
Kayak website in a cell phone. Very convenient and easy to use. Great apps!
Lots of fast results, that our travel agent wasn't able to find.
Kayak is a great resource for travel.
Plain and simple.  Easy to use, fast results, great prices.  If you are a traveller download this immediately.
Will never go back to Expedia..
JetBlue flys 339 on the website it's 350 on this what's that orbitz is way better get their app horrible
but this app makes it simple & enjoyable.

True
Convenient, quick little app that tracked my family's flight, allowed me to check there gate, and when I travel helps me keep tabs on gate changes. Well done kayak.
This App is grate! Easy to use and well designed, simple!
Clean interface, easy to use. Like using the Explore feature a lot!
Works very well
Best app for lookin up prices
I've been using Kayak for years, both on the iPhone and iPad and on the web. The I-apps are simple, intuitive to use, well designed and give me all the information I need to make a comparative decision.  Their customer support is outstanding and unsurpassed  with personal and helpful email responses to every one I've submitted, always within 24 hours - whether it's about a bug or a feature request.
Purchase my tickets and hotel. Best price available
Just updated to this version of the app and it keeps crashing.  Features are great, but first focus getting the basics right.
One of the best ways to find a flight. Always use it first before checking a couple of other sites and buying. Never fails to disappoint. Better than the web version and as fast.
Must have
Excellent interface and very user friendly. Price alerts are awesome
Very useful
Very easy to use
Good app.
Not good
I haven't -booked- yet, but the app works well.
Easy to use, fast loadings (even with slow internet connections)...Great!
Very useful and fast
This app is like a one stop shop. I can find nice but inexpensive hotels, cars and flights.
The app is very easy to use on my iPad.  The site is fast and simple. I feel that everyone will enjoy the app.
Super fast and easy to use! Great app!
Great app .. Works great
Easy to search flights and filter results.
100%
Best travel app by far. Very useful and beautifully designed.
Many Thanks !What a cool app!
Great app!
It's a great app, butI wish the iPad version had all the options that the iPhone version has (e.g., the packing list)
...It as wonderful application!
Love that I can find the best deals for travel when the urge hits me. Great app.
So convenient, fast and easy.
This is a clean and efficient app that gets the job done without much fuss. I only wish it would provide an easy grouping method for the various airline alliances. That would be helpful.
Perfect app
100%
Good Stuff !
Easy to use. Looks Great. Very helpful.
Liked it a lot and it's free!
Very good and friendly to use
This is an extremely productive and useful app. I use it every time I travel, and book many hotels, cars, and flights through this app. It also has many useful info about airports, baggage, and additional fees. I highly recommend this app!
They're forcing people to use this app because they are retiring Kayak HD.  HD is far, far superior in info on the iPad and this Mobile version doesn't even come close.  Not even the PRO version I bought can touch the HD in terms of content.  Bah!
Easy to use!
Very easy to use. Great job
.
Love it!
Excellent app and very convient
Very helpful
This app helped me find good deals on good hotels
So easy to look up flights and keep up with changes in price. 

.. Read all my reviews on crosswa.lk ..
Great app can't complain!
Five stars for an excellent product!
I needed to make a trip to dc for a college, so I downloaded kayak. The beautiful interface was extremely easy to navigate and I got the lowest prices easily. The trip went great, and I'll be using kayak again soon. I highly advise it for any trip you might have.
Works real nice
Great, intuitive, hard-working app!! Thanks!
Easy to use with quick results.
Easy
This app is great! You can get all sorts of great deals right at your fingertips. Great job kayak!
Easy to use and a great tool to have when planning for a trip.
It's really easy to search flights. But after I booked a flight on AA, it showed me my itinerary, but I couldn't save it.
Easy to use. Great user interface. Kayak gives a good price comparison between other competitors, no need to search else where. I definitely recommend this app to anyone who is looking for a seamless searching and booking process.
I can find all types of hotels in places I've never been close to where I need to go. Perfect!
Very good program
Easy to use
This app found me a cheap flight and was easier to use than the competition.
The only downside was that I couldn't change my reservation afterwards online at the airlines site. That might just be air Canada , haven't tried others yet.
I use it all the time really great site
Such a useful app
Came in handy , in a time of need . Did find me the cheapest flights.
Very simple to use. Love it!!!
Good so far
All the features you need, most times better the their web site
Excellent flight search app!
Great
Good
This is a must have app.
Very handy!
Solid. Lovely.
I love this app... It's perfect for finding the lowest flight
Suggest everyone use if travells frequently
Best.  Nothing more to say
I love it! Easy to use!!
I like it
Easy to use, filters are very helpful when searching flights
Gotta love Kayak, and this app brings most of its features to iPhone. Easy to use & navigate.
Es una pagina de uso fácil y completa te da las opciónes de todo sin complicaciones, es divertida en todo sentido. Nunca fue mas  fácil viajar. Con kayak tu compañera inseparable.
Finally I found an app which can help with my flight!
Great app easy to interact with filters!
Easy to search. Fast. Holding off on 5 star rate until I actually use to book.
Works great. Nice features
I love this app
Great for finding the best deal when traveling.
Good app
I love that I can search for shops etc at the airports!
Kudos
It should differentiate adult and child tickets.
Great app, but I don't see a flight+hotel feature. That's a necessary feature for me and as far as I can see, it's not included.
Makes flight searches easy and quick!
This app works! Very functional and easy to use, no bells & whistles just simple interfaces. I use it a lot.
Great App
В каяке есть бронь билетов, но перейдя по ссылке авиакомпания выбранный вариант не отобразила, значит реклама или информация не актуализирована. Справедливая 4.
This app is so user friendly. I am a sucker for detail, so I noticed that the keyboard on either my iPhone or my iPad will automatically convert to whatever is relevant to the field I am typing in, on this app. A lot of apps don't do that and it's very frustrating...for me anyways. 5 stars for sure, although I had one crash when I was submitting my auto fill information, and that happened first time I used it. Didn't do it again do far. I highly recommend solely based on it's user friendliness. Thanks kayak.
Awesome!!!
Great app
Very helpful tool for planning a vacation.
Great app for traveler
Very effective app!
Great app, easy to use, great design and functionality, and of course great prices
Some parts of this app were good but ultimately I'd rather use the regular kayak online. The features such as search functionality and saving searches is just easier and better. I love the regular online kayak, this app not so much.
This is the best and most user friendly app ever!!
Very easy to use if ur familiar w iPads .. Lots of easy tweaks
It's so easy to use and I always have luck finding good prices.
Very simple to use and navigate
Completely unusable now. Opens for 6 seconds and then crashes -- every time. Used to be a great app. Now worthless. :-(
I have used the Kayak app for iPhone and Droid devices for years now and I loved it, but the iPad one is truly awesome. It has all of the functionality of the smaller app, with these gorgeous photographs and details built into it about the hotels. I am really enjoying planning my next trip with it. Thanks Kayak!
Kayak makes it so easy to find anything!
This is really great I use it all the time!
Must have app if you Ike traveling
We have used this app more than once and it has been a great resource!!!
Their website is decent but this app is top notch, no doubt about it. Great interface, simple to use, fast, and easily share results. So far so good kayak.
Where do I start? Either you can't really book the flight (you are taken to some site with no booking option or you randomly cant get into Delta) or the real price is + 300 dollars. Or the app is down for hours at a time. Take your pick.
Great app for travel shopping.  Very fast and responsive!
Works great!!
Super easy to book. Best price by far.
Awesome app
Amazing app, love it!
This program is really i can tell Priceless. Tickets SNIPER
I have been using Kayak since 2008 and love it!  Very simple and easy to navigate.  Nice product.
Great app.
Awesome app!!  Thanks!
Amazing app. I do a lot o travel planning on the run and this makes it all  much easier. Really easy to use.
It's such useful app ,
Easy, friendly version of the application at a desktop station.  I enjoy the fact of having kayak at my fingertips anywhere!
I love the app and I use it all the time but I wish I could manage my price alerts from it. I have to go to the site to do that. If you fix that, it would be perfect
Nuff said :)
That is all...
Helpful little app, saves me time. Very organized.
KAYAK is my go-to app to research and double-check airfare and available hotels. Easy to use, its intuitive features are clean & efficient. Whether you are a business and/or leisure traveler, download this app now!
Very good tool. Benchmark for others.
Great for comparing prices!!
Everything you need at your finger tips!
One of the best apps to search for flights! Keeps your search history, so you are able to check prices daily in the blink of an eye!
No problems at all
I get "Uh Oh, having trouble connecting to Kayak. Try again." after waiting 20 seconds for the orange bar to get to 100%. Tried three times. I can get to kayak.com on Safari just fine. 

Thanks but no thanks.
Good
I really like this app and it's so easy to use. Really handy!!
Love it thanks!
Very easy to use, quick results and excellent features!!!
So quick
I love it it's fast and easy to use
No problems thus far. Have booked trips without issues and browsed for many more. Like the app a lot.
The Kayak app is easy to use and comprehensive. Great interface.
It is very helpful ,thanks
I travel for work and am constantly searching for flights, hotels and rental cars. I use kayak weekly if not daily.
Very easy to use
- reviews showing none for all hotels in Phuket
- price range filter not fully selectable (min price selectable $120/night since max is v high)
Muy bueno
Best travel app I've used... Now if I could just get it to pay for my trips
Couldn't be easier. Much better than any online experience I've had looking for flights.
Great
Awesome app! Exactly what I was looking for.
Convenient
Great site
The most difficult thing I've used is the car rental section.  Emailing myself a reminder was all the way at the bottom of the web page.  I finally found it, but it was just easier in the flight section where everything was incredibly well laid out.  Really, I haven't seen anything to complain about.

A nice feature would be to compare selections instead of using emails for later comparison use.  That list could be compiled in-app and then emailed or saved somehow.  Also being able to search further away from the airports or near a specific address would be nice for car rentals.

Thank you for creating a great one-stop shop!
Keep getting "cannot download price data". Not sure how to book a hotel.
Thank you - this appl saved us tons of 
Money. )
Kayak it's a great tool to check many airlines at once.
Great app. Very,very,very easy to use.
"What an app" a must have for everyone.. Very informative and easy to use.. Highly recommended for everyone..
Kayak is a wonderful app!
Very informative! Great app!
Quick, easy, and straightforward
Quick, accurate, links right to purchase. Everything you would want it to be
I travel 2x per month & always use this app!
Love this app. It's a quick way to shop for prices among several transportation companies. You don't have to be a computer expert to use the site.
Great full functional app.
I use this app to book all my travels ! I highly recommend it
It could be better. It some times the information doesn't march your search
Good app
App
Easy to use
Exactly what I was looking for
Easy to use, it is one of my favorites!
Easy to use, all the info you need. Highly recommended.
برنامج رائع وسريع لمعرفه الطيران المتوفر وجدول الرحلات والأسعار لأي وجهه وتوجد خيارات لشراء التذاكر
This app is fast and easy to navigate!
Massive improvements in speed, functionality and UI - go to app for flights!
Simply the best interface and tool for finding the perfect flight available on mainline carriers. Quicker and with more sort and filter options than any other resource. Any business traveler that doesn't use this is wasting his/her time any probably money too.
Easy to use
I love Kayak.
Yum yum yum yum yum!!!!!  Oh num num yum yummy!
I regularly utilize this app for flights, hotels and cars. In fact, I rarely if EVER revert to using sites like Orbitz anymore. Kayak is like a one-stop shop.
Excellent. Never lets me down.
I never write reviews and wanted to for this one!!  It is soo easy to use!
Very easy to use. Accurate. Speedy results! Two thumbs up!!
Works as advertised.
Elegant and easy. I like the new interface! Enjoy using it!
.
Excelent
So convenient and the best prices!!
This app is great, stable and great deals speaking as an international user i got great deals on trips to the US and caribbean. Works great
Good app
best travel app!
This app is great for travel on a budget!
Good
Kayak is best on iPad and I love it on all my devices.
Best travel app on the planet
Great
Love the app, great interface!
Always easy!!
Thanks to Kayak for not tweaking their old dotCom style look-n-feel to give us an iPad app, but creating a true tablet style app, whic h exploits the apple GUI standards to hilt. I no longer use any other travel site for travel related searches.
This is a really practical and simple to use app.
I really do like this app, but, the airport search is terrible as compared to any other travel site or app! You should be able to type in a city or state and get a list of airports. But no. If you don't know the exact name of the airport, you have to google it. Unless of course you're going to a city that has an airport with that city's name in it. Ex. Miami international. Type in Virginia or Aruba and you get a blank. You'll have to google Aruba airports and then come back to the app and plug in the airport code of the airport closest to your destination. The only reason it didn't get more stars was this one problem!
The features are very accessible, and it seems to work just as well as the website, maybe better.
Useful free app.  Quicker than the web based if mobile.
Kayak is GREAT, easy to navigate thru 

Thank God. :  )
Fast, concive and great price!!
Helpful
Concise and useful app for flights and hotel price comparisons.
Es fácil de usar. Me encantaría que tuviera un renglón para contabilizar el dinero que uno lleva y usa para la estadía. Es genial. Lo recomiendo.
This is simply the fastest way to find all available flights between where you are at and where you want to go. All flights. All fares. All seats. This is the app you want when you get stuck at the airport.
Very complete and useful.
Good. When searching for flights and other features . Crashes when search on iPhone while you search second time and change route
Thank you for the app! The best app travel app on iTunes!!!
Useful. Love it.
It's the first and last place I go for my reservations 
Thank you Kayak
No cruise listing...else very good app.
Excellent
Saves lots of time!
I travel several times a month. I use this app daily to check flight prices and hotel deals. The only thing I wish it had was bing's when to buy tool integrated. This tool is easy to use and buy with!
Works well and helps a lot
No problems!
Never have really trusted these "all-inclusive" sites that search in all airlines for me, but so far Kayak seems promising. Will be able to give 5 stars when I actually book a trip, so for now this is it :-). Will continue using and maybe will soon provide a better review.
💜
Kayak is chock full of cool, helpful features. The flight tracker was an additional perk with the app. Just outstanding!
Very good filters to find airfares from a specific city.
Have used kayak for years, the best way to obtain a list of great prices, filters are good.
Kayak: a travel necessity
5 stars
Really nice application for my New iPad.....work perfectly!!!
Easier than their website to use with great features like flight status and airline contact info a tap away - lacks some of the filters the website does unfortunately such as Leg Length.
One of the best travel apps at a great price!  One of my only complaints are that it has no way of keeping track of your expenses on your trip. Additionally it would be great if you could download "My Trips" information to your device such as your booking receipts. This would be particularly useful on international trips where you don't always haven internet connection.
Nothing much to say. Clean precise and just what is expected.
Awesome App
This is App has saved me money over and over again (airfare, hotel, car rental and etc.). I have recommended this APP to my friends who feel the same way! Enjoy :-)
This site is incredible :)
Great app!
Best search engine out there.
Great app. Facil de usar
Like it a lot?
I love it!
Love this app!!!
Great app
Great travel site...
Works well.
IT'S THE BEST!!!!!!!!
Quick and easy up-to-date prices
An app that make my life easier :)
This app works absolutely perfect.
Useful app.
Saves me time and time again
Always room for improvement but great app, kayak just needs better discounts!
Awesome
Great app highly recommend
Just as promised.
I fly over 150k miles per year, all last minute flights and I've been using Kayak for over 3 years now.  Excellent!!
Great for flights and hotels.
Great app that makes it fast and easy to search for flights and hotels!
User-friendly
Just awesome
Working great so far. Love the fare alerts. Easy to use.
Nice .5 star
Love this app
Very helpful. Clean and crisp response.
I have never been compelled to write an app review before but as this app is close to perfect, I felt I should!  The ability to search airfare for a variety of itineraries is unmatched. I am planning a trip and looking for the lowest fare in and out of several potential cities and I really feel that the comprehensive flight search and intuitive layout of the search results made it possible for me to save several hundred dollars. At a glance I could see carrier, departure times, duration of flight and number of stops (and of course, price!). Fare alerts let me watch the trends and the airport guides helped me to decide if that 13 hour layover was worth it. 

Overall an easy to use and helpful app.
Love the multisearch
An excellent travel companion.
Quick and easy!
Excellent!
App does exactly what I expect. Works great on my iPhone and iPad.
Quick, precise and complete.  I love it.
Good!
Great on the go travel searching
App doesn't help much for finding accurate prices on flights. When clicking through to book flights, I often find they are no longer available. A list of alternate fares is shown, then when trying to book any of those, it turns out they are no longer available either (so why were they shown as alternatives?). Another one of my favorites is when I try to book a flight only to be told that the "fare" is no longer available, and the available fare is hundreds of dollars more than what was shown in the search results.
Pretty good!
Very satisfied
easy to use and it has the best prices.
Sometimes I go to Google ITA matrix software when I need a lot of details, but Kayak is generally where I go first for all travel information.  Great app, great company.  Big fan of Kayak!
So easy compared to all the other travel apps!
Easy to use, good.
Quick searches... No reason to look any where else.
I love this app
Pleased :)
Very useful for frequent traveler.
Great travel app,,,find the best bargains with this one.
Quick performance.
Easy to use. Love the alerts!
Fun and easy to put in multiple destinations!!
Great app! Easy to use. Found a hotel room and booked it with ease.
Only giving it 4-stars because there is potential here to expand on the app and make it awesome.
My favorite travel app
Excelente
Love this app, living far from "home" it makes it so much easier to visit more often!
Highly recommended App, works perfectly.
Great for quick price shopping for flights
!
Probably the best travel app available
Very convenient and easy to use
Love this app!! Saves me time when I'm on the go and needing to get outta town!!! Would highly recommend!!!
:)
Love the price alerts!
I've never had a problem using the app.
Best app ever
Would love more search features and the ability to book air/hotel in one menu item (vacation). 

Search features such as:
- all inclusive
- adults only
- Caribbean 
- etc
Travel Site UI Maters
Love it, so smooth on my iPad 2
Give great information thnx a million.
Had to find and make a reservation on the road for a car and hotel. I have able to find good deals close to where I needed to be.
Great product easy to use
Very good apps does what is says
Very easy to use.
Since the flight rates keep changing, its good to check frequently before booking
Loads quickly, very user friendly!
Great app!
Very easy to use
It's really good. I like how it gives you a lot of options and compares the flight prices!!
It works!!!
Quick simple and direct
I use Kayak all the time and when I had questions two days ago with incorrectly cached airline logos I sent a feedback, the engineer got back to me with a solution in 7 hours! Amazing support and great app!
Great app.so much simple.thumbs up!!!
Love it....
This saved me so much time so helpful Awesome app is right !!!!!!!!!!!!
There are travel apps and then there's Kayak. This truly is an invaluable companion to any traveller in look of a deal.
I'm impress.
Very effective. Was able to find out able a cancelled flight and my options within seconds. Quite amazing actually.
This app is great, I love all the different websites it finds and finds the best deal possible!! My first choice, saves room on my phone/pad!
Easy to use!
Great app
I like the mobile app better than their website. Awesome.
helps me find my trip to Mexico and I get to travel with my family and gk visit them :)
Always use kayak to compare and find competitive price
very easy to use 😃
Does what it's supposed to except be able to book children or infants seats.
Easy to use. Helped me find the best fares for many trips.
Best prices and super easy interface!
Had issue with card, called and it worked out
Great app
This app gives me the information that I am looking for, quick and accurate.
This is a very good app.
Very helpful application for who travel a lot and wants to be in charge of  their travel arrangements.
great
It's really gud app to have in ur phone.
Keeps and finds all the details I need on a trip! Saved me!!
Very easy to use, and full of things to do.
I travel every week for work and would be lost without Kayak.  Have recommended it to every traveller and colleague I know.
Great app. I especially like the notifications when a flight goes down in price.
Best app ever love it works great they even tell u about international flights!!!!! AmaZing
Love the site. Love the app. Big improvements with latest updates. Much more stable.
Easy to use
Love this app as stressful finding the right place and the right price so many features in kayak I can do it all on this app pretty much
I enjoy using kayak on my phone more so than in my computer because of all the pop-ups that go along with the browser version.  I've found it to be efficient, easy to navigate and I've had no problems.
Great one
Valuable information!
Terrible app. Doesn't work half the time you want to use it
This app works as you would expect.  Easy search options, easy to adjust and filter.  multi date, city options.  Great!
Why is this one taking over the old app? This one stinks compared to the other which was great.
so easy to use
Good app
This app is always up to date
Accurate and helpful.
Is to easy and
Nice and easy to use.  Great!
Great service
Very easy to use and search a variety of options.
A little slow and a little glitchy
Amazing app, use it all the time, can't find better prices. All the other apps are terrible
Ok
I don't fly much, so I usually don't know what I'm doing. This makes it so easy!
Love it!!!!
Hate the new version.  Much more cumbersome and less flexible the the old HD version.  Cannot arrange the airline results alphabetically by airline.
Kayak by far is an superior all around the malberry-bush winner once familiar with its easy to use features it's an enjoyable cyber-ride
Consistently the most reliable and most of the time the cheapest
This is all you need for your travel booking needs!
This app is easy to use and generates very comprehensive results.
Saved me big $s
App wish there was a price watcher thing.
Love it
Great app. Very convenient. Easy to use.
Only improvement I can think of would be a way to save Filter settings from one search to the next.
Found app easy to use
Great app
I love using this for vacation "what-if" analysis!
Works just perfect.
:)
Love it!
I dislike their website, but the app is amazing!
My most used app
Great app. Accurate, easy to use!
I only use it for flights, so I don't know about the other features. But I prefer to search flights via the app than my computer.
Great app!
Great app, quick searches.  Nice to be able to return to past searches easily.
Great App love it
Awesome!
Awesome
Great! Flights, hotels, rental car - truly a one-stop shop.
Perfectly functional; it does exactly what it's supposed to do. Only gripe is that it's a little choppy sometimes, but it's not a big deal at all to me.
Works!
Best travel app!
Everything you need for Travelin just a Click Away!! Great for planning your vacations if your Always on the Go and don't have Much time.
They're terminating Kayak Pro and replacing it with this? A shame.
Best out there!
Interface is a snap.  It is well developed for flight searches which is all I use it for.  It is much quicker than searching via the computer.  Only gripe is I cannot find how to re-activate push notifications after declining upon install...  Great app!!
Very useful for all the people who travel continuously
I like it
Awesome apps!!!!
It's the best really reliable
Everything you need.
Better than Chipmunk and Travelocity and Expedia!
Love it
Works great!
Love all the features!
Whenever I get bored I create vacations and find new places to go to. It's a lot of fun
Love it
Ez to use. Excellent for the frequent travelor.
very good
Easy and convenient
All of my travel reservations begin with a quick search on Kayak. I travel extensively on business and frequently on vacation and have found Kayak searches to be absolutely indespensible.
Great app.  Fast and flexible
Amazing.
Convenient. Works great!
Great for searching airfares. Gives lots of options.
Great real time updates on flights.
Very easy to use app, and useful
Very user friendly. Makes using Kayak super fast and easy
Very good.
The best ever
I've used kayak.com for travel planning for years. The iOS app provides a useful convenient way to use the service. Top-notch app.
Great app. Found a place to stay on the  on the sper of the moment. Along way from home. On my I phone :)
Fantastic app, my go to place for flights and hotels availability worldwide
I love this app. I use it in conjunction with TripIt. If this app provided a google calendar function like TripIt, I would totally make this app my only travel app.
#KAYAK is the coolest app I've got! If you have a smartphone, it's a must download for frequent travelers!
Super convenient and easy easy navigation
Kayak is pretty useful ... If you have the exact travel dates or destination. Wish they had a way to just show lowest fare, regardless of travel dates or destination from home airport. Other than that, it's good.
Traveling with my family for a year. This app is great. I love the simplicity. I use it all the time. Wish that the airline apps were as we'll written as this.
Filter and sort would be better if you could go max and min but otherwise perfect.
For traveling I love this app. It makes everything go so smooth
I find your program very helpfull
I Travel for business a lot. Love the fact that I can mail all my travel details to kayak and it organizes the trips with hotel and car reservations. I have all my trips - past and future - on my phone at all times. Highly recommend it.

The only thing I would like to see is the option to download a trip and have it stored locally on the phone. Would help in international travel so that you don't end up with international data roaming charges.
Love app
Even when Af home in front of the pc
The Kayak app is one of the easiest to use that I work with regularly. They had improved the interface and functionality considerably and I think it should be on everyone's iPad. There are a couple of minor interface improvements that could still be made but this is a 5-star app!
Just what I needed! Love it
It is the only one I use!
Thats it
5 STARS!! Great app :)
This is a great app, I travel a lot, this app make things much easier. I love it :)
Make your life easy and use this app, it is truly a one stop shop for all travel. No more searching several sites, this app has it all. I forgot how hard I had to work to get travel info before this.

Try it and you will love it!  No, I don't work for the company, just smart enough to save time.
Good app, but missing some of the key features from their web site.
This is a great app! I especially love the price change notifications!
I freaking love this app.....
And kayak is the best way to go!!!!!!!!!
Very helpful.
So easy to use, very friendly user!
Love it, Orbitz not having an iPad version just lost them a customer!
This app rocks! Worth having!
Thanks kayak! Your the bestest friend a traveler could ever have. Cheap prices make me warm and fuzzy in the inside.
Been using Kayak for several years and always go to it first!
I have found Kayak to be the most useful and flexible travel app out there.
Use it for all travel searches, can't beat the ease of use!
Great app really help full
Great app
very convenient for people like me that is not so into technology. very detailed app. and so user friendly.
Very fast, prices are accurate... Will keep using it... Thanks
Great just what I was looking for. Very helpful.
Get the rate fast.
No issues gets good pricing
downloaded bc I'm in the process of moving from Michigan to Boston, ma. Useful but I doubt they give the cheapest rates. Check expedia, ect. before
 buying
It's interface generates great Interaction and the results are truly helpful. Thank you for your service.
The zooming in feature of the world according to price range is outstanding.
:)
Great!!!!
Great
This app is exactly like regular website on a computer.   Awesome!
Easy to use and a must for travelers!
Best travel app so far. Easy to use. Great features. Very accurate
Works great so far!
This app is excellent!
excellent!
I found that this app was great at narrowing down the lowest air fares and their availability... I just love itt!
Great app
If you work on detailing a bit more, it would help since you're dealing with peoples' travels. Thanks
Everything you need in for any travel at your finger tips
So helpful and easy to use.
This app is amazing
Great stuff...
Of course good for searches but GREAT function for finding vacation spots with a certain distance or budget.
Ability to locate nearest airports is poor.  Search Arnold MD and nothing comes up.  

ALL else is great so far.
Extremely helpful app
A through way to the available options to save money !!
Whether it is on my iPhone, iPad or PC this is the app I use to manage travel plans. Great app!
Very good application.
Kayak is a very easy site to use and love the fare alerts
Easy to use.
Thank u for making our lives simple
Kayak makes keeping track of travel plans simple.
Very good
Nice app, easy to search.
That was so easy, I forgot what we were talking about.
Simple, easy to use way to find low fares and hotel bargains.
Get it
Great app that does what claims to do, is full of features, and is easy to use. Def one of my favorites!
Keep up the good work.  Saved big money.
It just works! Need not go into a bla bla kind of rambling, it just works.
Very well made app. Love the interface. Wish all free apps were this great :)
Awesome
If you travel a lot then this is a great app.
First app I've reviewed, very well designed and very intuitive to use. Love it. No problems or complaints.
Pleasure to use.
Great site and app
This is a great app that will allow you to quickly search for flights an be more carrier agnostic.
This great app its to use and 10 out of 10
Would be 5 if you could save searches
Great when u wanna compare rates.
The best!
Very cool. It's got it all!
So easy to use and navigate. One stop shop for all things travel
Really easy to use and fast results
Great
Excellent interface and sorting of results.
Great App
I have been using Kayak for years and this app is a great tool to check out flight prices and hotel fares from my iPad
I cannot find a way to save my searches and send alerts though, for this reason I just give the app 4 stars instead of 5
Nice APP
otimo app uso sempre ajuda muita nao deixem de baixar vale a pena
Very easy to use app - great user interface.
Very helpful! Thank you;)
Love this app!! Connected me directly to everything I was looking for. Can't complain! It's great!
Great app
Like being able to set the price alerts.
wow I was excited to use this app on my iPhone, I found exactly what I want in this app. thank you kayak.... definetly this should be a paid app... Very Quick and Easy
Useful app, good job
I like it. Can I go now?
WRONG! I went on hotels.com and got a hotel 20$ cheaper then on kayak. Not worth it!! Robbed!
I've spent hours searching every site, and Kayak has had the best deals every single time. Now, I skip all the other sites and just go straight to Kayak!
To review flights, hotels etc...awesome app
I loved the app.  Easy to use.
Best travel app....hands down!
Great ap
Love  this app.  List all fares and makes  it so easy to compare fares and times.  App much more convenient than online web page.
Great for when your on the go.
Crap and more crap. Apple gives nothing to no one. Wake up people!
Works very well.
User friendly interface.
Tip top
I wish the app had an option to add a child.
The app is excellent and it does what it says. The only problem I have with it is I had difficulty placing an order for the airline I found on Kayak. the order would not go through and I had to go to the webpage from the browser and order it there.
Very easy to use and helpful.
Очень замечательное приложение )
Great app.
Found this very easy to use.
Great app- works best for comparing cost of flights, hotels, etc. with Expedia, Travelocity & others!
Makes the process of selection of flights, car rentals and lodging highly efficient.  Information is accurate.  Site is very easy to navigate
Well organized, easy to use and yields comprehensive, best cost results. We use 2 airline sites and 2 other search sites - over the last year Kayak has the best results.
Easy to use.
Kayak is awesome. Can see prices for a month ahead.
Goes Hard. See the world for peanuts
Awesome.
Good app! Helped me get to Vegas!!!
Can't beat this app for getting the widest selection and best prices!!
Great site,with great saving
Fabulous
I was introduce to this app by a co-worker. Love this app it has everything you need!
Better than ever!
I love it
So convenient!
I found cheaper flight tickets compare to other apps i use. Very useful
I love i can plan musty city trips
Great tool for planning a trip and comparing prices. A good addition would be to save trip scenarios (flight /hotel/cars)
Sweet
Love the kayak app! It always works and the filters are great for narrowing down your flights based on preference.
Straightforward, simple to use. Search criteria are logical and responses are quick and effective.
Everything I could hope for in a travel app and then some. It just works.
Love it it. Flight alerts for my Christmas travel plans are coming in and I can see the trend of prices. Might have to buy pretty soon.
The best travel app... Period!
I've only been using Kayak for a short time, but it's already saved me HUNDRED of dollars on travel.

I just booked 10 days at Disneyworld for a savings of $466 on the room and another $84 on the airfare!

Great job Kayak!
Works great!
Helps you get to all the info you need from one place.
User interface could use a little tweaking but overall a great app
It's sexy ;)
Total beast
It does what it promises to do, and it does it well
We travel extensively for work and play and use Kayak on the computer for most of the research. I was stoked to get an iPhone because I felt that the Kayak app would be helpful. Many of the features I love on the web version are missing which makes the experience less enjoyable. Specifically the filter by amenities option. We have a dog who travels with us and being able to know if a place took dogs would be helpful.  Overall, the Kayak app is helpful but I still need the Internet to do many of our bookings.
Love this app
Does what it should no complaints!
1. No way to save a flight in a list to keep an eye on the price. 
2. Search history doesn't save a filters. Every time I run the search, I have to reset the time/length filter. There's not even an option for a default filter that I could apply to every search. 
The combination of those two things means that every time I want to recheck prices, I have to go through the full setup. 
It's also annoying that you can filter only after the search is complete--wastes a lot of time searching for flights you're just going to filter out. 
Too bad Yapta's app doesn't work at all. that would solve my problems.
Everything I need to organize my trips in one place!
Read the title
Good
Very very helpful
Very user friendly!
Performs as advertised.
I love the app but it's a 3 for now because it keeps crashing on my iPhone when I'm editing my trips
Since I first download this app my life has become way easier. Its very helpful when planning any trip and added to all that the app is perfectly designed. I just love it. GREAT!
This app's awesome!! Just saved $150 on a plane ticket. Yay! =)
You can search flights in México too, And that is Very helpful thanks
Love it! Help me a lot for planning a trip
(:
Great app! Just what I need to plan my trips on the go
Very pleased with it so far. Relatively easy to understand. Puts key travel data in one place.
Every time I went to the airplane site it would crash and the price would increase!! Please update and fix!
Love this app...esp the alert feature!
I love it
Nicely architected app.
Great app.
Awesom
It's an easy to use app
Works great!
I like it.
:D
I don't travel often, but this app was a godsend on my recent trip to Memphis! Flight tracker and gate guru were phenomenal especially at the Houston airport since its so big! Love this app!!!
Does not search jetblue, so you need to use another site in addition.
This website is totally awesome and completely mind blowing!
Good
Fantastic app that is very helpful in booking great airfares.
Doesn't give as many search options as the website, but easy to use.
I love it
Great app!!! Great deals!!!!
So easy to use and comprehensive.
No problem using it.
Great app!!!!
Don't understand the live for this travel app . There are no great deals here . I can find better prices just about anywhere else .
Easy to use
Very easy to use and it's handy if you travel a lot!
Easy to use, accurate results. Great to be able to contact directly through the app.
Kayak rules. Great UI. Fast. Pretty
Works good, very useful app for checking flight fare.
This app allows you to search and book while also plan your vacations! I love it, it definitely makes things a lot easier while booking!
Great tool for travelers. Highly recommended!
work good
It is an excellent App, great design intuitive, useful, and Free!
for shifting through a large amount of flight information to find the best fare and most convenient route.
5 star app
Check out the price graph and go when the prices are lowest.
Easy to use, looks great and very useful!!!
You are wasting your time if you use other travel sites. This is simply the best all around site to use bar none.
Easy to use!!
Good for a quick look
This App is awesome!
Awesome for flight checks last minute - on the go!

Thanks!
Intuitive, slick interface. How an app should be. Well done.
This app is great and easy to use!!!!!
Hands down, as a UI designer, this is one of my favorite
Easy to use. Great graphics!
I prefer to use this app on my iPhone rather than using my pc. The interface is so much less crowded and the options are simple
Very helpful app
Love this app
It worth to own!
:)
Wow
Looooove it
Nice and easy to use.
It was very easy to use and helpful!!
Very easy to use. I totally like its price alert function.
It is a great app. Comprehensive and easy to use.
Good ad always use it bug has a bug dont display euro prices when u check it in ur currency hope they fix it
There's not that much to say to this app rather than I am a casual traveler with a lot of curiosity and this app being quick allows me to see the prices of traveling between my homecountry and whatever.

It is very swift and easy to use, nicely describing the flights , possible layover and costs.

Even easier to use than the website :)
User friendly and very reliable
Love this app does what I need
Awesome app.
Very good control panel plus it remembers previous trip entries / ideas.   Use it all the time whenever I'm thinking of going somewhere.
WHEN U WORK  TO FIND THEM U WANT TO SAVE FAVORITES!!!!

And show monthly schedule as website shows!!!
Omg this is a gr8 app for every user. This tells me any new hotels or even any changes to the paying things every1 u better get this app best app ever yippe lol
Love this app. Convenient to look up,compare, call or book convenient
Easy, fast & first. In my opinion, the best.
Simple interface, easy to use. Very quick, most importantly.
Many uses while traveling, or planning your trip. It's easy to use and will find you what you need quickly.. A+
I use it daily. The first place I go to start my travel plans.
This app works really well and has a lot of cool features. The my trips part that keeps all your upcoming flights organized is really awesome. And the flight tracker feature is awesome. It crashes sometimes, but it's not a big deal at all. Great app, definitely worth downloading even if you don't use it to book flights
!!!
Simply an excellent app for flight, hotel searching, trips planner etc.
My personal favorite trip planning, rate checking, reservation making, car reserving, etc app for the iPad.
So far found nothing to be in satisfactory.
Nice app appears to work well
Great app, intuitive interface
Found great prices and deals! Glad I can book a flight, hotel and car rental all on one site!
Easy to use and also let's you plan out the whole trip
Great app never crashes , user friendly fast and has a lot of other options
Didn't like that there is no option of hotel and flight or hotel flight and car combined. It's just give u one item at the time. Also doesn't help u spell check the airport name like other sites
And lastly I would love if I can only type the city or country and it would give me all the options of the airports in that region, but here I have to know the name of the airport and that's limiting.
Other than that its really fast and never crashes, also great features like currency exchange and packing "don't forget"list.
...but hands down the best search of any travel website.
Hard to start new searches
Finds awesome deals!
Best travel app
Reliable, user-friendly, and right on time
Great app!
Thought the last version was much better with its three pane approach.  Bring it back as it was so much easier to use and to keep track of your recent searches!
Very user friendly and always finds me some amazing and inexpensive flights.
Easy to use, fast searches, good prices.
So so no chip price
This app works flawlessly and provides the best prices.
Gave me a boner
Incredibly fast and matches web app results. Great for the large family who isn't using mileage points.
A must have tool for travellers 
Good tool
Best travel search app!!!
Perfect interface   Very easy to use
I haven't bought a flight yet but I am doing a lot of looking around. It is very user friendly and quick with the searches.
Easy to use. Better than the actual website.
If you travel often then this app is for you.
This outstanding app puts everything you need at your fingertips.Thanks Kayak!!!
Good intuitive interface
Very useful!
Best site for finding deals!!
I downloaded all the different free travel apps to see what gave me the best deal and shortly there after deleted all but this one. It surpasses all the rest by far!
A friend recommended it and I loved it the site. Very user friendly.
Absolutely the BEST program!
Excellent app for travel.
I recommend highly
It's the best prices most of the time!
Love this app. I use it all the time to book travel
Love this app
I love this app because it scans all of the possible travel sites out there to get you the best deal.  I wish I would have used them sooner I could have save over 500 dollars on my trip.
Love the "price alerts" feature!
The only better app was the previous version on the IPAD which let me reorganize trip search results by six different variables.
I saved a fortune by using this... AWESOME
Good way to browse for deals.
Great ap
The best travel app
This app is streamlined and functional and makes planning for travel easy. There is no longer that hassle of going from travel website the website think to kayak.   You can now book your travel arrangement with the touch of a finger
All apps should be this good!
Easy to use, does not give all prices.
Where are the Hotel & airfare packages?????  Works great for checking airfare rates and hotel prices but I want to see packages.
Great app, easy to use!
I live it
Great app.....Highly recommend!!!
Good app. I recommend yall.
Deleted TripIt, this app takes care of everything!
It's the best!
Great potential, but I'm trying to explore a multi-city trip and I seem to be blowing it's little mind. Every time I try to limit the airlines the app seems to crash.
Sehr Gut
Love it
Have not used it fully. Great for ideas
I travel worldwide all of the time and can say that I use this app the most out of any other.
Very good app, great deals!
Easy to use and very convenient.
Very easy to use on the iPhone. Like it better than using kayak on the computer. So simple & easy.
Very good app.
This is a good app.
I kept the app for over a year and check it to see if it's fixed. When I find a flight on the app the price is higher than if I do the exact same search on the kayak website. I do not understand why this is the case. The same settings and I ensure the depart same airport is selected in the website. 

This makes the app useless.
Works great.
Great app-can be in bed and check out flights and hotels!
Absolutely excellent. A good user interface is important to me, but so is finding the best prices on plane tickets. This app accomplishes both.
So many helpful tools rolled into one!
Seems to work just as well as the website at saving you from having to search every airline individually. Runs pretty smoothly!
So far so good!!!!
Family reunion coming up:)
All I can say is Awesome
This app is fantastically useful.
This is how an app should be. Easier to use than a website, nice visual input and very convenient to use.
Easy to use, quick to search, love the outputs. Wish more search sites were like this app!
Almost as good as the full site
Love It! Very easy to use!
The app combines many features in a way that makes them easy to use, and does a fine job of accurately incorporating data from emails you forward to it from airlines, hotels, car rentals, and the like confirming reservations made outside the app. Highly recommended - both the iPad and the iPhone versions.
Love it
I love the fact that you can track the price of your flight.
At first i wasn't impressed because my price alerts didn't seem to be updating.  The next day, though, they were.  After booking a trip through Kayak is when this app really shines!  You can forward the confirmation email to Kayak and EVERYTHING you need for your trip is populated in the app.  Simply awesome!
Works like a charm
I predominately use the airline portion of the app. It is a great tool to get quick plane tickets.
I love kayak and use it buy all my plane tickets. I can never find any other sites that are cheaper. Will always use it!
Very convenient!!!
Best airplain tracker app ever!!!!!!!!!!
I have looked through it the prices are not competitive in fact there are the highest . I figured the hole reason is to get your Ipeople the best prices possible I think  maybe u guys can negotiate some type of deals with these airline since u are giving them business only when it comes from any apple products or when they log on to kayak .
great app. easy to use and it is very complete.
So far I'm liking this app it's got great deals!:)
I can find the best prices & flights quickly. Love the filters. Intuitive, simple, minimal & effective. More apps should be like this.
This app has good functionality but the app doesn't do much more than bring the website to your device's screen.
A+
Love this apps, I don't have any problem .
I think it's helping?!?
Sometimes the quoted fare does not include all taxes and fees.  When you get to the airline ticketing website you find out the fare is higher.  I thought Congress made that illegal.
I book all my itinerary for work with Kayak. It just makes it easy and is all in one place! Good app.
Easy and accurate!
Looks great, easy UI, and a pleasure to work with
I found the app to be very easy and use full.
Use it all the time on computer and iPhone/iPad app.
Kayak is the best in finding the lowest price in airline tickets!  Their app is very user friendly.
This application is great and very help full
offers so many options..
Works for me
Its great
Works great! An it helps out a lot.
The app was great until the latest update. Now the flight option crashes the app. Help?
Great
Grt app saved me hunnids
This app doesn't work, keeps freezing.
The flight tracker feature is very helpful. I like being able to enter multiple flight so I know if there are delays ahead.
Works great
A
Quick and simple
Works great.
Great App
This does exactly what a travel app should do! It's super useful for flights. I use it all the time.
Awesome!
Great app, saves a lot of time.
Awesome app! So fast to check flights from different airports. Highly recommended.
Great app.
The app works just as advertised, use it almost every day to check for my next vacation.
Best travel site I've ever used, and the app is just as great.  Good navigation, excellent use of screen space, clear and simple interface and options.  Makes it easy to check all the travel prices as often as you want.
fast loading and good price!! love it!
Super easy. Nicely done.
Great
This app really saved me on a trip to Orlando. Easy to understand and navigate. I definitely use this as a travel resource for business.
It's the first thing I look at when planning a trip
I've used kayak for all my flights and it always gives me the cheapest prices  It's super easy to use and really helpful in comparing airlines, dates, times. Highly recommend !
User-friendly and reliable results
Best app for booking flights!
Love it
1st app I use for any travel reservation. Easy to use.
Great app don't make a purchase without it. It compares prices among the bigest players in the industry.
Does the job. If you dont like it...youre either lazy or too demanding. Especially for a free app
Works great and easy to use!
Love it!  Always get the best deals
Nice time saving app.  Manages perfectly flights, hotels, car rentals, etc.
You can see from here to there but you see it's not moving at all
A travel app worth downloading!!
It's very helpful when I'm traveling. saved me the stress of sitting in the airport for hrs with a notification saying my flight got delayed.
This is the way shopping for airfare should have always been. After you see how brilliantly simple and thorough this app is, you will wonder why we've had to muddle through hours of ineffective research and dozens of websites to find the lowest fare for the past 15 years. I have been liberated!
Does what is says
The kayak app makes it easy to book flights on the go. I've used it while traveling to when my plans have change and have had great results.
Quick was to explore all travel options!
I use this for all of my travel.
This is an essential app for any traveler or a wannabe traveler
I use it mainly for flight checks and it's great
I am curious though, why don't they include Southwest in the airlines? I would like better if they did.
I like that app!!!!
Its is a great app, the only improvement needed is the number of clicks to achieve a reservation or to know of schedule, over all it is very helpful
Very useful and efficient app.
Very easy to use app.  I much prefer it over the actual kayak website. Extremely easy to use and right to the point.
Very easy to use. Easiest choice.
Great app. Plus it's free!!
This is as close to a one stop shop as it gets.
Pretty Alright. I hate writing reviews.
User friendly, intuitive. If you like Kayak there is no question you gotta have it!!
Mejor no pudo ser, 10+!
Highly recommend for comparing prices quickly.
I went kayaking in Michigan once. But that's neither here nor there. This app seems pretty good.
Easy way to find values and faster reservation help
So far I like what I see.
Great app to quickly set up travel plans.  I turn here before using computer!!
This app is most unusual, it does what it says it can do.  Thanks for making life just a little easier. It is appreciated.
I can check prices in a flash
Love having it on the iPhone for quick reference!
Love this app!
Does what it says it will do
I'm way too busy maintaining my perm for my next excursion. This app is perfect
I use the website and this app is a great companion.
Used to love it but the hotel search option has stopped working after the recent update.
Great app.  Quick and easy
Need to trawl the many terrible airline websites looking for a decent price? There's and app for that and look no further than Kayak. Probably one of the best IOS apps out there.
Awesome!!!!
One of the best tools for travel out there.
I enjoy, it especially on last minute  travel.
Wonderful app. Very useful.
Very useful
Amazing tool.  22nd century interface tech
All my travel needs.
I downloaded this and bought plane
Tickets all in a lunch break.  It is so easy and convenient
So well done
Love it
This app works great!!
Recommended
I got a great deal using KAYAK to book and buy my flight ticket to Africa. The price i got bits all the offer i received from local Travel Agents. Great App!!
Not too bad, but not too good!!!!!
Very useful..
Prefer it over the web. Keep up the good work.
Good results, but could give us more options..
You find what you want in just a few seconds.
The ap doesn't feature enough options to give a good deal. I was searching for a flight from San Diego to DC and least amount was $366 because they cater to American and virgin. Found a better deal on southwest ($230) by removing the middleman.  I guess the website is useful by removing my buyers remorse.
This is the coolest travel app out there. I like how you can email your trip confirmations to kayak and have it automatically create your trip itinerary
Love it
Este App esta solo bueno
Good app. A little slow and sometimes frustrating. Just wish that kayak included southwest and AirTran.
No longer displays hotels in Los Angeles and Long Beach or Pasadena. Does work for Detroit, MI and Ontario, CA. Something weird with new update
This is an excellent app. Very useful  and accurate. You will like it.
Easy to use and very nice app
Very useful and accurate. Love this APP
Works great
Easy to use and very handy
😊😁😊😠😡😡😡😪😡😪😠😃😚😌😄☺😊☺☺😊☺😊😉☺😊☺😳😁😚😞😚😁😞😞😓😖😁😒😜😒😝😰😞😝😞😚😔😏😔😏😳😜😊😉😳💩
Super easy to use. My go to site for travel.
One of the best apps
Love the ease and beautiful display!
One stop shopping to the tee. Others claim it, this app does it every time, get it now use it forever
It's a must have App on your phone
Great for Business & Personal
GR8
Use it for planning every trip.
Honestly this app it well worth it! I love Kayak and to have it on the go makes life hella better!!!
Best app for price comparisons
Alert system is very great and very fast response for query
Ok
Just awesome. One thing missing. An option to check cheapest dates to fly. Ex: I want to go to costa rica but don't know when it's the cheapest to fly. Just make an option to search ALL dates. ( I still give it five stars.
Super reliable! Love this travel app... Best deals out there!
GreAt app. Easy to use! I like it a lot;)
Great resource and it tracks all my travel even if I don't book on it. Not as invasive as TripIt. Easy to use.
Works well and easy to use.
Easy to use
Excellent app for flight search.
Get's the job done in the most efficient manner.
No problems
That's it
If you want all the options in one, this is the best app.
Like like like!!!!!
This app works just as well as the website. I love it.
It's my go-to app for travel.
Free app with accurate prices for hotels, airfare, etc. Great for booking or research on hotels.
I found the App super easy to use and it offered so many options and services.
Like said in the topic.
Works great!
Use to be daunting to go online for flight searches--this makes it all better.
Works good
Simply the best travel app there is.
Its dope
Its very useful. If u travel u need this app. I like the extras like money exchange rate and packing list it's great.
Great program a real dollar saver
The App is a must for anyone who travels. I really like the hotel feature showing the address and phone number.
I have used Kayak for most of may fly ticket purchase. It has been very useful.
Cool!
Best prices
But I wish that you could view alternate dates in a grid.
Flight Tracker within Kayak is amazing & it's free..;-)
I use regular version of kayak all the time for my trips and having it on my iPhone just makes it super convenient.
It's the ultimate trip planner!!
Great
Have used Kayak for years to book flights, hotel rooms, and rental cars. They never fail to get me a great deal and offer the lowest prices. Saves me a ton of time because I don't have to search a bunch of individual sites and then compare. Kayak does all the work for me. Highly recommend this app and their website as well.
Great functions with ease of use. Thanks, Kayak!
Great place to get your dream hotel
This makes it easier to keep up with wavering airfare.
Great tool that helps u to find the best fare tickets and hotels around the world and the USA.
Great site but I was able to find another fare cheaper and faster using another site, still a great tool to get you started
Provide all the feature for all your traveling needs
Love it.  Traveling w/out Reliable PC access and Kayak's just the thing.
I love this app especially because I travel a lot
Nice app that works well!  One small drawback that you must review at the end vs as you go. I almost booked the wrong date which would have been a $800 mistake. Watch carefully.
Useful, clear, functional, great notifications and alerts!
Turn off at times when pushing search overall  a very helpful program
I enjoy this app on a daily basis. From extended stays to weekend bust outs. This is my go to source for travel needs!
I like this app very much whenever I want to book any flight/hotel.
Excellent way to compare travel.
I use this all the time.  One of the most valuable tools for travel.
Very cool app, thanks!
Kayak is quick, thorough, and a dream when on the road weekly, as I am. I love this app!
التطبيق مفيد مفيد مفيد لمن يبحث عن فنادق باسعار ممتازة
وبمصداقية ،،
This is a tremendous help when planning a trip for business or vacation.  Could not live without it!
Es un excelente app para viajes.
Muy facil de usar, rapido y eficiente.
This app is a perfect example of integrating all the great things from a website into the functionality of the iPad. I now never use the site and just use the app instead. Highly recommended for booking flights, hotels, etc.
Awesome app, just booked a flight for the first time on my mobile phone! They always have the best deals and with this app, you can access their flights even easier! Thanks Kayak.com!
You have two smart options, kayak or the actual proprietor's website. Got the best deals on kayak every time.
This app is great for searching for a specific trip coming up, seeing what great deals are out there, or planning stuff to do when you get there. And so easy to use!!
Awesome app works great.
App is easy to use and quickly find the information needed for trips
I love this app
Very simple
Best prices and easy to use.  I love it!
The best travel app in the app store
Good for searching.
How simple and user friendly ! What a great APP !
Helpful when looking for hotels and flights...
Absolutely great app.
Fantastic free app.
It's great to be able to go to "My Trips" and have your entire itinerary with confirmation, flight numbers, etc in one location even if booked through various travel sites.   I recently traveled with 2 co-workers who had apps for numerous airlines, hotels and rental agencies...what a pain. This app is great!
Absolutely a superb interface.
Great app and easy to use.
I realy recomend it for all of the users
Fast and easy.
Love this app for all our travel plans!
Well worth the time to use!!
So convenient. Easy to use. Liking it
This app is easy to use and logical.
Good app from kayak. Now I don't have to be on my computer to book a flight.
It's that good
Very intuitive and easy to use.
It's not only great for airfare, but for hotels, packing lists, even a currency converter, personally i think it's the best travel app
Good app!
I always use Kayak as my first stop when searching for flights.
The app works great and is easy to use. Great for looking up travel plan ideas. Have not used it to book tho.
Great app very practice and useful to rely on even in last minute decision.
incredibly awesome
Very good tool easy to use
Very useful!
Super convenient app. Super hilarious tv commercials.
I can't get this app to work--I don't know whether it's because I denied it access to my Facebook profile or because I reset it to US, but it just tells me there is a problem with kayak.com.
Works well and gives solid info.
Es buenísimo y seguro esta muy cool
The best travel app around.
Still gooooood
Awesome
Missed my flight the other day, helped me find one that want outrageously priced and allowed me to get home on time great app
Handy lil tool
It is good
Blah blah blah.  Same as last guys review.
Very useful
easy to use and quick to book best prices
Seems to be a cool app. But, every time i search, it shuts down. 
Please fix so I can enjoy it.
I miss the feature where I can email the flight status. Please bring it back
Such a useful fast resource! Love it!
Work better than the previous versions..
Works great!!!
Thanks 4 every one helps with this app
I really like this app for the iPad! I feel it was more user friendly then the actual website. I actually really like having the option to see the unavailable hotels. It lets me see places I might want to check out for my next vacation. I couldn't figure out how to do that on the website. Great app keep it up!
Quick app to find great deals in short amount of time
Very useful and works great.
As a business traveler I use Kayak more than our company provided American Express App, AXIOM.
Best app in searching flights!!!
A very useful app for travelers, lot of thoughts have gone behind before creating this app. Highly recommend for anyone to give a try
!!!
Don't need anything else.
Best rates than any other
Great app. Could you add an option the further filter between non-stop flight and flights with layovers
I often use kayak to. Heck flight prices! It's quick and easy! I always get the best price!
Very accurate
Good graphics and solid performance from a great search engine.  I love Kayak
Very helpful.
Don't waste your time with other travel apps. This is the best all around travel booking app bar none .
Perfect travel tool
I like it
Works great!
Is it sad that I think this app is LOADS better than their website? The performance of their simple interface is so much more seamless and clean, no random windows popping up anywhere. And it's so easy to navigate around. The price alert function is awesome. I really like this and it's becoming a travel essential for me.
Great app, always getting better.
Awesome!
Nice!
Thanks for this nice app
A little more user friendly than orbitz
Better than orbitz
I was able to plan 2 vacations for this summer using this app. It was incredibly easy to find and book the flights, car, and hotel rooms. I highly recommend this app (and also their website) to anyone who wants to travel. Who needs a travel agent when you can do it yourself for free, and much faster? Download it!!
I really like this app! Easy to use and great for finding cheap prices for flights!
Search one and done.
Useful
There's an ease of use but once you search you can feel buried in all the info. If it was categorized or sorted for an easier interface than I would use it more than an old fashioned computer box thing.
The best
Saved me a lot of money!

The alerts are great!
Ease of use, features, efficiency and stability. One stop shop for travel plans.
Nice
Truly a lifesaver. While not as comprehensive as the website nearly so. I check here first to get an idea then fine tune via the website.
Great App!
Always useful
Can't live without it
I use tris app a lot, it combines everything I need while traveling/planning a trip.
Really great interface. Easier to search than any website.
I love it. (really) it is easy and brilliant
No complaints
Great app
Love it!
Great app for searching flights although  after finding what I wanted, I completed my purchase from my computer. Not sure if that can be done within the app. May try next time, but great app.
I think this program verry important and verry nice i like
Nice!
Great app, use it all the time. 2 thumbs up!
Smooth, fast, easy to use!
Excellent, love it!
Not too different from the web interface, which is good, hard to actually buy from it, which is less satisfying.
Very user friendly.  Best way to compare flights.
Kayak is it
Easy to search and the lowest fares! What's not to like?
Great app
Good
Works great
Great comparison tool.
Best one out there.   Use it or you will be angry!
Love it use it every time I'm looking for a room for my wife n I
Function, form, perfect. GUI is great. Excellent stability.
Great functionality, ease of use, features, and response!! :)
Extremely useful, reliable and specific. Thank you.
Fantastic! Was able to see and book hotels in real time while traveling in Asia, sometimes at lower rates than calling the hotel directly.
The best travel app out there.
Great App!!!
I retired and can now travel at the drop of a hat-- Kayak is my first choice for finding
The best travel deals.
must have app if your a traveler like me...
Good
By far the easiest travel booking app Ive seen so far. The interface is very user friendly.... Just easy.
Great app- intuitive user interface.
Love this App!!!
Convenient and easy to use interface.
Very helpful on trips and planning them
Use the packing list or design your own. This is just one of the useful options. Not to mention the usual suspects from a travel app. Kayak goes above and beyond; from the important to the fun info provided. Enjoy.
Sooo much easier than several windows open on my computer.
Very user friendly and finds great deals
Great app.
Kayak has the best UI compared to any other travel site or app
This app is great to have recommend it to all
I usually use kayak at least for preliminary results. Always gives me best prices. Application has everything they have on website. Very user friendly
Works well favorite first site for air travel
Very helpful app
I recommend it
Used it to compare both domestic & international fares and am happy with the content, intuitive user interface as well overall experience. Count me hooked and booked !
I truly love this app.
Great travel app. A must have for any traveler for just about any travel needs!.
Always gets the job done
Love it....works well for me
Otimo
This is much better tha anything else out there and it's really responsive, functional and stable . I would love to do multi city swatches though !
I'm happy with it worked just as expected
It the best thing to book flights
Great great
You do not need to go any where else for travel bookings! This is the BEST!
Very thoroughly designed app. Everything you need, formatted for your iPhone. Recommended.
Nice
Intuitive interface. Does what I want.
Used Kayak for the first time and actually had access to flights/rates which I could not attain directly with airline carrier.  Saved about $240!
Great app for buying flights and tracking them
This is an extremely easy to use and useful app. Better than full blown websites that serve the same purpose!
A+++
I travel a lot, and this app is the real deal.....and, it's free! Save $
What all other travel apps want to be...
Love it. A great app!
It's so easy to use too!
I enjoy the ease and convenience of comparing several travel sites at the same time. Easy to use.
Used Kayak to quickly ID and get a,hotel, worked great!
There is no better way to quick check on prices for airfare or hotel.
Good APP. Easy to Use. Comprehensive Infomation
Well designed. Accommodates multi leg trips and allows numerous filters.
The email didn't work when I tried to send info to my wife on certain flight deals! I t would make my phone stop working for minutes and still no luck sending a email!
Love it!!
All around solid app. Does what it's supposed to.
Very useful. Perfect. Organized.
That's easy to use it and comfortable at all I need. Thx a lot ^^
Love the look, feel and ease of use with this app. Well done!
Very easy to work...
Best site ever
Easy to use great results
Easy to use, clear interface
Convenient
Love it, very convenient & fast!
good app like how you can get deals on hotels & flights for cheap
Simply the best app ever...
Very Great!!!!
Great
Easy way to get tickets with out having to go to the travel agency
Let's be honest.  Most of business travelers travel to some small and unknown towns in some foreign counties.   Try Anshan, China...... It has all hotel and price and booking info....... Case closed!
Use it all the time.
It has many features and is easy to use.
The new version is very buggy on my iPad. Multiple issues with orientation, text wrapping and crashes. The old version was wayyyy better!
A very nice app for frequent travelers.
It's pretty cool but certainly need improvement in Asia. the price is not comparative for most Asian trips.
Good
Super handy and easy to use
I love this app and website. I wish if had the ability to sort out "pet-friendly" hotels. I will change my rating to five stars when that becomes available.
Great design and rich search options this entire app is well thought out. I use it for almost all my travel searches.
1st time user.  Found it very user friendly with useful features not found in other travel sites.
necesary app
This is a very handy app lowest prices guaranteed
I have been using other various free and paid travel apps an this by far is the best. Major improvements since their first app release. Found better prices on this app than online!
This app is extremely useful. Great for frequent travelers like myself. The app allows you to book your flight and fill out everything right from your iPhone.
Great interface - very easy to use.
Got this app 4 months ago. Works pretty well. Easy-to-use interface, lots of customization. It would be nice if the available flights gave an on-time comparison like Expedia, but that's a minor thing.
When planning a trip or when making changes along the way, I always check Kayak. Results are quick and straight forward.
Flight tracker stopped working after the last update. Shows up only for the first flight in any itinerary - disappears if you scroll down then up. Alerts don't seem to be working any more either.
This app has become more about selling travel and less about helping you track your trip in one place.
This site is simply the best fro flight and hotel search...not only it has the best proces but also is so fast and user friendly. Thumbs Up for Kayak.
This Kayak app is easier to use and more functional than the regular site, I love it.
I love how you can upload photos from your phone!! It is so much easier than uploading from your PC.
!
Easy to use and convenient
The sort criteria are what make this app great...pick your airline (or exclude them), shortest duration, etc.  very useful.
I love it makes my life so easy
I use it on my phone, tablet and computer.
Use it all the time
Kayak works great on my iPhone and iPad and is my go-to app for all my travel plans and I'm a frequent traveler, for business and funsies
Nuff said
Was a heavy user of Expedia.com, until I shared w friend in California that I was searching for best airfare, to fly his way.  He asked me if I'd searched Kayak yet, and having literally surfed the web dating back to '89, (pre-graphics/text only days), I arrogantly said what's Kayak, thinking it would be a joke of a travel resource.  Interestingly, I've booked virtually every airline ticket since that trip in '04 on Kayak.  It is a must for both seasoned and non-seasoned traveler's, year-round... Love it!
Is great for finding and keeping track of your travel details.
?
I've been using Kayak for about a year and have had much success booking trips at a great rate!  Being able to compare vs other travel sites saves so much time.
Easy to use
I do.
Pretty straight forward app great job
Easy to use.
Love it! Quick, simple and to the point!
Love the ease and simplicity of this application!  Well done!
I love it!
I'm sure it's just a glitch, but this app crashes far more often than the previous version. I hope they fix it soon!
This is the best app yet.
Awesome I like it!
Finally an easy to use app. I used to have to go from site to site looking for the best deals. This is easy to use and very informative! Thanks Kayak!
Nice easy to use interface a little short on options but good
Excellent tool for planning trips, a must have app!
Easy and simple to use
Crash happy app
Easy to use works great on ipad.
Love it
I find Kayak to be extremely useful in making travel plans. I love the alerts!
Kayak, you impress me once again. Online, iPhone and iPad...your user experience is clean, concise and fluid.
Why bother using anything else!
Great app!
I can't live without this app. 
It's a great tool to search, book and keep my itinerary.
Super easy to use
Helped me organize everything I needed for a friends weekend in NYC. Awesome app, simple and keeps your trips logged. Who could ask for better. Beats the PriceLine App hands down
Love it! Easy for comparison. So much easier than checking three airline sites every time. Wish it would save favs.
Super helpful awesomeness at your fingertips!
Easy to use and lot of other options!!
Great app. Very useful and reliable.
This app makes searching for the cheapest flight easy! Much better than the other travel apps.
So much fun no problem what so ever
Great app!!!
Really good
Must have !!!!!! I feel bad for the guy that gave kayak the wedgy...... He really is missing out ;)
Logical functionality and reliable performance. Even better on the iPad!
I like the concept of this app, but it is buggy and frequently crashes, especially if you try to filter by things like star rating.
This is a great and useful tool to find the best prices on travel. You will love this app.
Great app, love the convenience!
So easy to use and so functional!
Love the search filters and price notifications
Love this app, simple, quick, and easy to use!
Easy and simple to use travel app. Luv it.
I am on the road every week and I could not live without it
Not so cheap flights but it's a nice app
Works great!
Cheap flights? Nope. Deleted.
Frequent traveler for business and pleasure. This is my favorite planning tool on the iPad looking for flights and hotels. Prefer it to Orbitz and Expedia. Only thing Bing Travel has on Kayak is fare history with the Buy/Steady/Wait information.
Been using your service for six years and I can't find a better deal anywhere else. Thank you for being awesome and giving us an app that is just as good as the site.
Thanks Kayak.  What an easy way to check flights.
Best airfare from Vegas to Cali
I love this app
Looove the packing lists- very funny!
This app is complete and quick.  Easy to get pricing on air, hotels and cars.  I only wish they had a "clear all" function to wipe clean earlier searches.
All I can say is wow
Thank you for a straightforward and useful app!
Don't waste your time w any other travel app.  This is the best, easiest, and most accurate AND incl all hidden taxes and fees. All legit, up-front info for flights and hotels.  And free? Unbelievable.
So fast, easy and helpful! Looking for a flight just got great for me. I would recommend this app to frequent travelers any day!
This App is, NO DOUBT, one of my most used App's out of the many I have downloaded on my iphone!!!  I also want to make very CLEAR that this "Flight" App is an EXCELLENT App along with very EFFICIENT, USER FRIENDLY, OFFERS UNREAL DEALS, SYSTEMICALLY ORGANIZED, OFFERS  AWESOME SUPPORT, just in case, there is a very slim chance, a Customer is experiencing Difficulties of some sort, the FILTERS that are provided, WOW, make your "Flight" search even more simplistic & much quicker, the capability of being able to "SORT" such as, SORT by(Flights): Stops, Price, Time 
Etc. and my most FAVORITE Feature is the ALERT system, for example; I'm looking for a "FLIGHT" from Michigan to Los Angeles, CA on the following the Dates:  departing on April 21st & returning on April 28th...1 Traveler...Time?  Makes NO difference to me or for the party who is picking me up in Los Angeles, so, I just leave blank or as is, I think(???), a couple more tiny steps and I ALWAYS sort by PRICE, then I set ALERTS, meaning I choose any & all Airports from around my area of which I would NOT mind departing out from on April 21st, then I place in the airport I'm Flying into(Los Angeles, CA and I repeat this process for each Airport I would NOT mind departing from and from then on, it's very easy instructions of how-to-do to ACTIVATE your ALERTS!!!  Activating your ALERTS, basically, means whatever you set your individual preferences at, such as, AIRPORTS; TIMES(if any); PRICES; STOPS(if any); etc., etc., etc., whenever, let's say, there was a PRICE REDUCTION(happens daily, TRUST ME), you will, immediately, hear an ALERT sound to either your iPhone, ipad, etc.!!!!!  This is the BEST Feature, by far, as I've Booked 4 "FLIGHTS" now, all on the ALERT program, as all 4 times, the price(s) REDUCED, Significantly!!!!!  It was almost too Good to be True, but TRUE STORY!!!!!!  I LOVE this App and NOBODY could go WRONG in purchasing it, TRUST ME!!!!
Excellent app
Easy to use!
Efficient, interesting, and useful for checking multiple flight options.
Cool interface and great flight status tracking tool.
Easy use for travel planning in one place
Love this site! I live overseas because my husband is in the military and I find the BEST deals on this site.
Have lived off their website to plan/book my trips for both work & personal. Now with app I have quick accesses to trip planning at my finger tips.
It is very helpful and because of it I'm booked for my trip!
A truly world-class app that's designed with unbelievable simplicity & presents complex information with ease!
I've been using kayak for years, the best way to see the rates once you think of a trip. The only downfall is, it doesn't have some smaller or private airlines listed like jet blue.
This is the best iPad app for making and organizing all of your travel arrangements.
First time to use 100% success! Will use again!
New update works great! Worth having this app on all devices!
Great app.  Reliable every time
Great app
Phenomenal app it helps me a lot.
The only thing is that they should include jet blue and southwest airlines.
Kayak consistently found the best prices for me, although it is sometimes difficult to figure out the routes without lots of checking. (Best Price often isn't the best route).
Good app !
Awesome app!
Love, love, love the new app.  So fast and user-friendly that I find myself seating for flights just for fun.  Hands down the best airline search app out there.  

The +\- day search function isn't great and needs some tweaking.  When you search for +\- a day, the search result doesn't indicates what dates the flights you are looking at depart/arrive so you have to click into the details for each.  Also, you can't search either + or -, you can only choose both.

But for standard searches, this app rocks.
A real time saving comparison of fights.
Really good app. I fully recommend it.
Very good app
Has quickly become my favorite app
flawless and beautiful design. Easy to use. No awkwardness whatsoever. Love it.
It's a travel agent on your iPad. It's awesome.
Great app! Use it anytime I need to travel.
Easy to use and it gives you what you want!
Very fast
Not as comprehensive as their web site but for an iPhone app, it's extremely good. If you use Kayak on the 'run', this app is great. I'm biased because I'm a big Kayak fan already.
Great convenience. Good site.
It's easy and web you find fares you can easily share them and email them. I like this app. Easy to use and gives the best prices.
Easier than the website and very helpful to check prices while on the go. Seems to have the lowest prices of the other apps that I have used.
The previous version of this app was truly awesome, with superb sorting capabilities and flexibility.  When I tried to use it this morning the old app said it was being phased out and no longer supported, and linked to this version.  What a nightmare -- the user interface is clunkier than the old version, and some sorting functions seem to have been eliminated.  Basically, I find this new version woefully inadequate, and truly worthless.  I am deleting it as soon as I submit this review.
Since downloading, what is mistaken to be an updated app, it constantly shuts off.  At most, I'm able to run one search at a time. With it constantly shutting off, I have to constantly open the app and re-input my search criteria.  This app is terrible.
Even if i dont need this app i enjoy using it. Works fast
Crashes
Did a great job of quick check on fares. Couldn't do better as an app. PC version of course has some adv due to having more space to show stuff.
A very useful travel research and planning app.
Great, efficient and easy to use.
Oh, and one more thing, it's free!
Makes booking flights easy
great site and the app is easy to use. very convenient for trip planning.
Nice
Great app. I love it!
Just got the app and it was great booking my first trip.
Very helpful and convenient to use :)
Not everything I hope but sufficient.
.
Easy to use good work enough said
Awesome way to check and keep on airfare and more.
If you want everything in one travel app this is it!
Great info. Compares many sites to find lowest pricing.
Great app.
Wonderful!!!!!
Just enough and a little extra
Smooth easy to use.
This is by far the best travel search engine I've ever used. It finds really great deals! And the app is free!!!
Faster and easier to use than their web page.
Excellent
Kayak brings together so much travel data, makes flight info accessible easily for many airlines, same with lodgings, etc. Highly recommend it!
Kayak app is really helpful
This travel app beats all. Find the perfect flight at the perfect price at the perfect time...plus flight tracking, plus hotel search, plus rental cars, plus plus plus...FOR FREE! Kayak doesn't even charge booking fees so its a winner all the way around. Does all it claims plus some more. Great iphone layout. Thanksthanksthanksthanks.......!
If you have used this before online you will love the ease of how this app works. Gives a good variety of vendors to choose from.  A few upgrades could be made in search parameters but over all really pleased.
The kayak app has been a fantastic asset. The superb usability elements help a great deal too.
Very simple to use! Awesome app. It may crash everyone in a while tho.
Love the filtering & sorting!
Love this app. It saved some connections I thought I'd missed with up to the minute tracking. Keep up the good work!
On all American muslim
Good
Best tool one could have for traveling and vacations.
Love this app!! Simple to use, great results!
Pretty accurate
Are you kidding?  Nothing comes close.  Only wish the cut rate airlines were included.
I liked the old format better.
Great App Very Simple to use 5 Starts
Has everything you need to travel and works fast and smooth. Must download!!!!
Very good!!
Old one was better
This app is a fully comprehensive travel app which allows the user to maneuver from one menu to another with ease. Very pleased with this app and feel its the best travel app on the market.
Best source for airline tickets, easily searchable for multi-city and a broad range of hotel. Plus all booking can be done with the app!!!
Well done guys, better and faster than the web site.
Exactly right. Simple to use with additional features when needed
Nag screen for review gets one star.
Has everything I need and more and it seems way simpler to use,
We use apps like these a lot and always when you need an airline price it's confusing because some don't show you the return fare as well , this is easy to punch in and it's all clear concise info right there.. Way to go will defiantly be using this and ditching the others
I love this app. I have found better deals quicker than any website I have used on the computer. It is fast, easy, user friendly, and you can manipulate little changes.
As a travel assistant for many, to be able to have my own in the palm of my hand for personal travel is great! 
I can specify what I need and so far it has worked perfectly! It's going to help me book my next vacation :)
Easy and fast!
Nice app! get it!
Shows you everything upfront settings are great
This app works great and I like how it saves my last search.
So simple and helpful... Great app
I almost prefer this to the desktop browser site.
Just like Kayak's website, this app is very user-friendly. It has a simple and organized layout as well as many search options. Excellent!
get itunes gift card/xbox live/nintendo 3ds prepaid card/playstation network for free just installing free apps,download junowallet.
1) sign up and conferm the email. Enter the INVITE CODE when prompted(at last stage of signing up,be careful) to GET a bonus: CK244619
2)install apps from 'rewards per app' to earn credits. (1gift card=10$).
Comprehensive travel app!!!
Great!!
Great app. Quick app to make your travel plans. It found the cheapest airline tickets!
This is the travel agent in the world!!!
Good app
Have loved the actual website since it was released many years ago. This app is just perfect for the iPad, and I really like the clean appearance.
Well.
Great app! Easy to maneuver.
Great way to visualize your different flight options
Great app!
Impressive
Thinking about a trip to Vegas this looks like its going yo really help.
It's a good app but all the prices are too  high
This app is easy to use and also gives great deals!
I love !!!
It's a helpful app.
I used it to plan my vacation to wendover but it doesn't the peppermill hotels but neither does any other travel websites so it's ok I got a cheap flight and car use it to go on the salt flats a good time!
Just an Awesome app.
It does all the leg work
Two thumbs up.
Outstanding!
Does the job of an app but not compared to the site
This app is very informational and effective. Love it!
Great app
Fast and accurate results
Using Kayak has made finding the best travel deal so easy.  Love it!
Love being able to search multiple sites through one app!
Great app that focuses on practical ease of use.
Nothing better to find a flight in a hurry. Very easy to use.
Very intuitive and user friendly
Good app!
This app helps me with all my travel needs. When it comes to travel Kayak does it right.  Everything is at your fingertips. Love it!!
Great. Fast. Easy simple. There is room for improvement
Awesome app to quickly check fares! Saved me over $400 on a flight.
I use the Kayak app all the time to get estimates on airline prices. I love this app & I use it all the time.
I was able to save over 250.00 dollars on Air fare for a vacation for me and my family.
Only thing I wish it had is on a desk top computer it shows which days are cheapest to fly on... They don't give that option here in this app.
The only reason I use kayak and formerly sidestep is to search +/- 3 dates of flexible airfare options. This feature is absent. I hope you add it in. When it's added, I'll give you a better review.
Go-to travel app; always reliable!
Great features and access to useful info...
Great app. Works well and very easy to use. kayak and the app. Both are winners!
One of the best apps. Very functional!
Couldn't find equivalent, I hope to include all currencies.
This is how iPhone apps should be designed. It is flawless.
Pretty cool app.  I like that you can find flights quickly at your price.
This app is so simple to navigate that I wouldn't even attempt to use another.
Highly recommended     :)
Picked multicity and then depart and then SFO - crashes immediately
This search engine provides all the best fares available!! Because of this site, there's no need to search any other site other than southwest.com for their separate fares. I've never found a better deal than on this site.
Me like!
Love the feel and features!! Weather info on travel locations would  be good ..
...
The lack of date flexibility...+/- 3 days makes this virtually useless for me. I always end up using the website, which does not work properly on an ipad, so I end up having to wait until I can get to my Computer!
This really a premiere site. Sharp, clearly helpful in every aspect of travel.
Everyone needs this on their tablet.
Very helpful!
The new Kayak is a welcome improvement over the previous app. Little things like calendar pickers that are usable and easy access to the filters. Previous to this upgrade I would often get frustrated with the app and just use the regular browser version. Good job.
Love it! Especially the "packing list" feature. That won me over.
Hands down, the best travel app, and the best app for its intended purpose of all apps I've ever used.
The most efficient app for planning a trip. I am still used to the old Version (Kayak HD)
I like Kayak HD filters more...but still an amazing app
I travel a lot and really like using this app as one of my tools
Super useful for casual browsing or specific searching. Great interface and search capabilities.
Everytime i have to travel, kayak will be always the first and the last choice
Great app. Easy to use and very helpful features!!!
Extremely helpful
Very helpful
My first choice. For finding great rates
Love it. Single version for both iPad & iPhone.
I have always used the web version, thought the iPad version was a great complement to the web version.
It's essential to my travel planning.
It's all good
Love it both on the iPhone and iPad. Too bad the iPad app doesn't show my saved trips, still a killer app.
Add Taka as a currency .
This app makes my life so much easier!
App says what it does and more importantly does what it says.
It's great. Nuff said.
If you are avid traveler, this is the only app you need. This app does everything. I will never use anything else but sidestep, I mean kayak.com!
It's ok accept the prices go up when you actually click on a flight.
This app is extremely helpful for those of us who plan our trips without use of a travel agency or "package site"
Finally takes the pain away.
Very user friendly. Love the buzz feature.
Easy to use and does the job.
Use this app often for the flight tracker- occasionally for booking- both services are gr8!
This is a great app! Easy to use, very simple.
I love the flight search.  The hotel search needs improvement, specially to allow you to filter based on a map view or proximity to a zip code.
Perfect for hassle-free paperless travel.
Very happy with it.
Worked very well to assist with my flight.
great
I have used Kayak in the past for business travel and it was pretty good. This update is awesome. I just forward my flight in email to Kayak and bingo it all loaded into Kayak instantly. What a time saver.
Best designed and most intuitive UI of any app I've used. Simply beautiful and functional.
This is a very nice app!
Tons of great info about flights, airports, etc.
Wanted to book a vacation with flight hotel and car but it only would let me do it separately. So I found this app unusable and had to go to full HTML site
This is the best travel software I have ever tried.
It does all that you need it to, without being cumbersome or annoying.
Is still convenient but I wish I didn't erased the old one
Thanks Kayak!
The price is what I care about whenever I use the app. It's really amazing.
Very handy tool
Forget the other travel apps.  This is the easiest to use, without a doubt.  So easy to read and use. A++++++++
These guys know how to make a mobile app. Was stranded in mobile, AL and used this app to book a room and it worked flawlessly. Keep up the good work guys.
Fast, intuitive, great prices.  Way better than Travelocity or Expedia
Great app
quite useful
Use this app all the time. It tends to be a
Little slow over 3g but other than that... Its a great app
I never write reviews for apps, but I had to for this one. Kayak is user friendly and easy to you, and has all the travel information you may need. I booked flights and hotels on it and never had an issue.
Uncomparable better than any competition out there.
Great app! One of the best apps to have for the iPhone! I think this may be the best app of all time. I would pay $70 for an app like this. I don't think that this app could be any better! This app amazes me on a daily basis and I cannot live my life without it!
Best travel app
I like the ability to see how the prices change over time and as the holidays come up. Sometimes the daily reminders of airport fares show a $200 difference from one day to the next. Very interesting.
The only travel app and website needed when looking for deals.
I LOVE IT! IT' S SO EASY TO USE! GREAT JOB!
Best search engine I've ever found and used. Miami
For people like me who fly the long distance several times a year, this is a perfect app! Very helpful. I can easily find cheap flights!
Great app ..
This app is great to have on the go.  All those great low prices at your finger tips any time you need them.
Really useful and easy app.,
I like it better than the actual website! I'm addicted to it.
Looooooove it!!!! Great prices!!!!!
Great!!!
Easy to use
It's a really good app for booking flights, hotels, things to do, and many more
Very useful and convenient!
This app is so easy to use on my phone that I wish I could travel more often just to have a reason to use it!
Works great. Maps could be better and would like the date selector to include the day of the week.
I don't understand why the change to this new app. All the space on the iPad screen and you can't set the dates without having to bounce back and forth between screens?! The "old" app let you do everything right from one screen. Old app was easy and quite honestly, fun to use. This new one stinks. Update the interface back to the old style!
Kayak has become my go-to app. for locating and booking flights. I used to use Orbitz. Kayak is sooo much easier to navigate and use.
Newest app is great and easy to use
Perfect
Good app. I hope they continue to develop it further
Kayak is a great site and this app does a pretty good job of bringing that to the iPhone in an iPhone-friendly way. Looking forward to enhancements, which I'm sure there will be, on the future.
Great
Love this app. It's so easy to use and it's helping me get my trip in order faster.
Easy to use, fast, accurate, flexible. I love being able to use the filters to find just the right flight.
Very easy and fast to use
Don't use any other traveling sites.
Easy to set up $ alerts. Simple design. Like it a lot. Landed myself an amazing trip to Hawaii using my lovely Kayak app!
It's almost as good as web, in some ways better.
Flight tracker only up 3 days in advance. Price are always higher on hotel reservations.
This new Kayak App is a significant improvement comparing to previous version. It works really good and is even more convenient to use then a web interface.
I enjoy the app. Not perfect but getting better!
Who needs a travel agent. Use religious ly
Great
I travel quite a bit and stay with one or two carriers but my wife will quite often fly on any carrier. This hits the mark on quick price searches.
This app is magnificent made, it's effortless, and exceptional when it comes to prices!
The best iPhone app I have
wish you could select more than 4 people / 2 rooms on the hotels tool
I use the Kayak app as a starting point when searching for air fares. It is straight-forward to use and the results are easy to review and choose from.
Just started using this app. So far I find it very user friendly & it displays the info in a very easy to understand format. I haven't made any bookings yet, but it is only a matter of time.
Awesome app!!!!
Good overall job!
١
Awesome! Very convenient and simple. Like it!!
It keeps kicking me out whenever I look at hotel rooms for my trip. Is there a problem with the app?
Convenient, user friendly. I booked a flight during a TV commercial!
Wow...awesome, keep the features coming!!!!
I use it to track my flights and booking
Geat
        Awsome prices @ choice schule!
Made me fire my travel agent.
I use it on a weekly base for travel reservations. Kayak is awesome!
Great reach of options and love comparing with this app
Awesome!!!
的确很方便'只是不可以查国际航班
Tried using Kayak 3 times unfortunately each time their site shows prices which are out of date and lower than the actual price that the airlines are showing...they should get their data to be real time.  So far they are 0 for 3.
Have used many times to book travel.
Saves time knowing ahead what is available !
The best app in my opinion to find flights and hotels from iPod.
Great App I strong recommend:)
I love how easy it is to find the best rates! This is a great tool!!!
The best lace to organize your trips, then get neede trip info on the road. I've gotten my whole team of road warriors on it!
Looks good and works well! Great job!
It just okay
Really easy to use
Its much better than those other travel sites !
So far everything works
The UI is really nice and it works really good
Great app.
I have been using it for years
I enjoy this app.  It makes me want to travel and book trips!
It's great, easy and Quick!
Love love love Kayak!!!
Great travel app, very user friendly
Love it get it must have it!!!
I actually prefer the phone and iPad ap over the website!!
Get it you'll love it
App is exactly what I expected to do
Love it!
Realmente útil
Great game!
I'm loving this me app. They did a very nice job on the new version.
I use this for all my travel needs.  Sending emails to Kayak with my trip information and then being able to see it on my phone complete with updated flight times, rental car and hotel bookings is invaluable.  I also love the fact that I get an email when I get off the plane that tells me what baggage carousel my luggage is on.  Did I mention it's free!
Good app, sure…but what's with the ridiculous title. Gaming iTunes SEO?
I've planned about 4 trips with this app, compared to other websites such as tripmama.com and Travelocity.com, and this app gave me the lowest price every time. I would recommend this to anyone that makes trips very often.
A must have. Simply the best.
It's great
It's a very useful app and all in one thank you
Just great and easy do use, very accurate rates.
Great App for last minute travelers
This is an outstanding app. I spend my life traveling and find this invaluable.
Love it
I like to use this when I want to.
I no longer have the filter to weed out airlines from my searches,  also, while doing searches, site crashes.
I travel a lot and kayak is awsome
A+
Easy and cool!
Excellent - Quick and EZ
They killed a great site called sidestep. Kayak is falling short on their app. Nothing flows smoothly anymore. 

The developers should solicit input and act on it. 

Will re-review in another 60 days.
I've been using Kayak for years and always find the best rates!
Works great!
Great!  Easy to use, fast results, much easier than the others!
Really easy to use and quick results, so you can explore options.
Muy util , recomendable
Loved it
Great app except it is missing a crucial component that i love most about kayak which is to compile and alter my price alerts.
Have been using this app for a couple weeks. I can't believe this is the replacement for their old app. I want to trash this one and keep the old app which allows me much more control in my searches.
I LOVE the new Kayak app! It has more of the features you find on the website. I especially like the my trips feature!
Great apps easy to use great for short notice booking.very good!
The old version was much better.  They went the wrong direction with this update
Amazing
The best app I'm never have
I've only just started using this app, so this is a preliminary review. I was a little skeptical at first but curious, so I decided to try it. I have always wanted an app like this to keep my trip information organized in one place so I can find details like confirmation numbers, flight times, etc. very quickly. 

I sent my flight and hotel email confirmations and I was blown away by how accurately Kayak parsed out the information and place it into their in a simple and logical way.  You can still pull up your email within the app, but it wouldn't typically be necessary.

I'm looking forward to trying some other features but even if it only does this, it would be an awesome app for any traveler.
Excellent options
Excellent app
Needs to have a air/hotel package option. Get that done and it would be perfect
*****App
Didn't think it would be good at all turn out to be great easy to use an very helpful
Great if you don't want to spend all day searching multiple airline ticket websites
from what ive seen kayak is on point and has a load of options i havent seen a better travel app
Works great. Super smooth. Love it!
I always visit kayak before I book any trip. I work in hotels and I hate booking on Expedia or Priceline because the reservations can get lost. Kayak is the perfect substitute.
Love it!
Good program
This app is really straight forward and easy to use, and it works really well.
Awesome
Has great features! Very handy!
This is a horrible service! I booked a flight through Kayak Connect and received an email from Kayak telling me that I can message them if the itinerary from Frontier airlines was different from what I ordered. 

Well it was different so I emailed them and all Kayak tells me is to contact Frontier to change or cancel. No I'm sorry or a list of other options. 

I called the airline only to find out that it would cost a total of $300 extra in fees to change my flight because that's the way kayak booked it and there was nothing they can do.

I'm very upset that kayak won't own up to the mistake and take care of the flight change back to my original flight time that I booked with them! I will never use kayak again and I urge everyone else to take caution because any mistake they make will be your responsibility
Awesome app, I recommend it.
Always come here first for greatest rates
Works great! Love it!
Awesome
It's good but it seems to crash a lot...
Works great, don't use it a whole lot but it does what I need it to do.
Like it
Excellent tool to have at your disposal.
A great place to plan a trip.
I felt pressed to write a review...my first one.  This recent upgrade was not an improvement. More cumbersome and less intuitive than the previous incarnation. Still love Kayak, but wish they had left well enough alone.
Works quickly and easy to use, I love it!!
This app let's u know when your scheduled flight dates have dropped in price, makes it easy to purchase directly from the app. Only wish the flight feature applied to hotels
Works great!
Use this app frequently! Wished Southwest would allow Kayak to show its prices as well.
Simple and intuitive
good, worthwhile representation of the website!
Crashes every time. I do not normally review apps, but this is very frustrating.
but I like what I see. Good tools available
Great search engine ANC alerts
I love it
This is my primary source for price comparison between airlines.

Thanks

-AG
I can always find who is offering the best price on flights for my travel needs using KAYAK.  Rental cars are not as easy since most sites have special deals if you click on certain links only from their site.  I did like KAYAK HD better, it was more intuitive and easier to navigate.
I've been using this app to plan my travel.  Wow I love it!
It's wonderful. I use it everywhere I go. Planned a trip to Hawaii using this. Awesome 4 stars
Can't update fair alerts which in my opinion is significant.
I used to love this app, but, about 4-5 months ago, they did a complete redesign of it which completely destroyed it usefulness. The app works well on the iPad, but on the iPhone, it is  useless. The new "cards" layout (which they seem to have blatantly copied from a competing product by the way) is difficult to read and impossible to quickly scan through your itinerary. Main problems: 1. Your information is compressed into way too small of a space, leaving most of the screen unutilized and making it impossible to really see any detail. 2. If you drill down into a specific item (like hotel for example, again, the same problem. The information is compressed in to a small space and you cannot see all the details (20% of the address runs off the screen for example). 3. No distinctions marking different days in your itinerary; it is just one long list. The dates are given in the details if you look, but again, what happened to scan-ability? 4 - Offline functionality is inconsistent. Normally, it should cache your information from online so you can still access your data when you do not have an internet connection (e.g. on a plane). But, this is hit and miss. Sometimes it works and other times the app just decides it wants to download new data, so it deletes everything currently stored in the cache and tries to go online to get the new info. If there is no connection, well, the cache has already been dumped, so you are out of luck now.

Honestly, this app is now horrible and Kayak either has no interest to fix it or they simply do not listen to their users. SAVE YOURSELF THE TROUBLE AND GO DOWNLOAD TRIPIT INSTEAD. The base service is just as good and the App is far better on the iPhone (about equal for the iPad).
Nic app..... Gr8 guys
Great app. Very informative...
I love using it when I need pricing.
Very easy to use
Very easy to use and helpful.
Great program
I always use KAYAK for looking for my flights. Thumb up!!!!!
Pretty stuff!!
I'm doing this so I stop getting the stupid notification.
Very handy! Gives you a variety of choices and different price ranges! Great app!
Kayak is one of the intuitive apps out there - really well designed.
Very useful.  Works well.
Best flight app!
Easy to use and snappy operation.
Better than the actual kayak website
So convenient!
Flights and prices. Pretty good.
Kayak is an awesome sight with ability to find low fares and great comparisons! Love it.
Easy
Loveddddd
Works wonders for my travel needs!
Very convenient
Works like it should, intuitive, no issues.
Wish it had the flex month option that it has on the full site.
👍I love this app it really help👌
Easy to use and doesn't crash. That's all I really expect out of an app these days.
Sososo good
Kayak is awesome.  Use it.  Nuff said
The original app was easier to navigate and had a better interface.  It's still my number 1 app for travel but the developers ruined a good app that didn't need improving.  Bring back the old interface and I'll give it 5 stars.
Amazingly useful!!!!
Don't like it as much as the web version, but gets the job done.
But, like many other programs, it nags you to write a review. And there is no "No" option, just an "OK" and "Later" option. So, for usefulness of the app, I give 4 stars. For nagging, I deduct 3 stars.
Awesome app - easier than I thought it would be
Highly recommend!
Love it!
Nice app....
With Kayak HD I never had a problem but with this Kayak app I always get the error message "anonymous access to Kayak API denied". Aka nothing works.
Kayak HD works so well, why change it? This crashes often and previous saved flights was not working today after trying it
multiple times.
Great app!
Slick
Great app
yup
Awesome app! The first time I used it my husband and I got delayed on the Tarmac I knew before the crew made announcements how long we were going to have to wait. When we ended up having to switch planes I knew what was going on. Thank you all so much for this app. Please make it easier for us to update flight info from other itineraries.
Crappy interface. Why try to fix something that wasn't even broken? This is the result of idiots playing around with something good.
Very helpful app for travel
Great
The updated version is great
Fast and no bugs.
When planning a vacation I always start with Kayak first. Always the best deals!!
Super easy to use.
Crashes too much.  Actually liked old version better.
Great application with up to date listings and prices.
Esta dr poca
The best app for traveling can't beat flights,car rentals,hotels all in 1.
Being on the go, not much time to get on computer. Being able to have several travel options at one site is a plus!
Thanks!
I like it as always
Great app...
Saves time and money. Thanks!
I love this app!  "TPS reports" under biz packing list--lol
Simple tracker.  Works great.
Buggy.
Love it!!!!!
Boycotting app due to their bowing under pressure from conservative extremists.
Very helpful!
Could not be better
Wonderful tonight
Great app and even better that it keeps upgrading constantly.
Information provided by kayak always on time and correct when I in travel
I haven't been able to get a single flight search to work since downloading this app.
I highly recommend
Makes it easy to search for flights
Easily the best travel app
This is my search engine of choice for travel arrangements. It is fast and accurate. It integrates with other sites such as Orbitz and Cheaptickets well.
Awesome.
I was stuck at an airport and was able book a hotel and rent a car in one easy app!
I love this app!  Easy and fast!
Easiest way to plan your travel!
Very quick and easy to use! Definitely recommend this to any travel goers!
Fabuloso para los viajes
Try and find a number to contact them
Go to source for booking flights. Be sure to use this app and don't forget to try it at different times for the best rates. Best rates are found at odd times. 12 am or 1 am gives best results.
The best in travel sites
Easy to book on the go.
The iPad version was nothing to talk about until two updates ago. This app is great for managing your travel itinerary and finding air and rental car deals. The flight tracker is essential, especially when your flight is delayed and the airlines have no updates. This app has helped to save me a bunch of money.
Love it.cheapest prices anywhere.
Great app! Very quick and easy to use!
This is the best travel app in existence today.  Period
Yup
Very quick. Good deals!
Wonderful!
I don't think I'd change. It's as user friendly as it gets!!
Este app es muy fácil para usa, pero no lo tiene muchos opciones en mi opinión
Just updated to the new app and it keeps freezing
Great App!
I like the app but am a fan of the previous version for choosing flights and selecting options....still gonna use this for flights, but I don't like this one...
Good, when it works.
Easiest application to use this side of the Milky Way! Well done boys and girls
Very easy to use and shows best prices!
I am deleting your Kayak app from my iPhone because of Kayak's ridiculous decision to discontinue advertising during the television show "All-American Muslim". I find it utterly idiotic that Kayak chose to do this and still chooses to not advertise during the television program all due to the completely false allegations and racist and hate filled letters of the Florida Family Association. Did anyone at Kayak actually watch an episode of this program before pulling your ads?  I doubt it. Kayak must not believe in diversity and inclusion. What a bunch of bigots.
...
Liked :)
Wasting my time out of the gate please fix.
Good ap for airlines. Good search features
Super easy to use!
Talk about organization ...
This app helped me plan my trips plus hotels with accurate prices and all! It's worth it for all my traveling buddies out there...
The new one is slow and crashes, wait before updating, you won't be able to do anything with this one.  But I do love the new look, and it looks like when they do get it working it will be a ton better.
If you make me rate you, you make me rate you one
Best site for travel.
The Best way to booking air tickets
This is easy and very handy to use and more than anything, search speed and number of option choices are amazing!
It doesn't get any easier
Loved the original kayak app. Just downloaded the new one and it is very slow, then hangs and crashes repeatedly! What's up, Kayak? Did you spring a leak?
Love the Kayak app!
Great new app, keep up the good work. Would love if you could get the airlines on board to have a 1-click type experience. This app is so great it's hard to leave to the airlines site.
I luv it so far!! Shows all the price comparsion.
To bad, this would be one of the best apps ever. Good thing it was free, guess I will have to delete it.
Great travel app!
Very good
Everything you can ask for!
Super handy for checking prices, haven't booked a ticket through the app yet.
Excellent UI.  Covers all search angles. My booking go to on three devices.
Has never let me down! We use it all the time!
Easy to use! Great to see all the choices! Love the alerts function!
Crash Crash Crash 
Unusable. Every time I hit search it crashes. No clue what to rate the actual app since I can't even open it. One star I guess until u fix it.
Very helpful especially at the Airport to check flight changes or delays.
Kayak is a real time saving planning tool.   I always check Kayak before booking reservations, and before heading to the airport to pick up arriving guests. I love being able to follow flights in real time.
Great app and it's so amazing that it's free. I would actually pay for it if there were a charge for it.
The cure for the common travel site. Great for research but booking the tickets can still be a P.I.T.A.
It's just ok
I had the first version, but it never worked well and would lose my place when switching back and forth between apps. This version is great! A much improved UI and experience!
App seems to perform well, except that it crashes when too a lot of search results get returned. iOS 4.xx, iPhone 3G
Wonderful user interface, but doesn't work when attempting to book with Delta.  Then when I recreate on the Delta site, I can't get the itinerary I want and the price jumped 20% .
Sometimes shows different fares than website. Also this is limited by screen size as I love the flex dates table you get on the full site.
Can't live without kayak,I love this website,finds you the best deals around
We bought our semi-annual tickets to fly to Oregon and back.  Rates were very reasonable
Very user friendly.
Excellent interface!!!
I love everything travel and this app is perfect. I'm so pleased with all of the features you get for free and how easy it is to use! :)
I really like Kayak because it gives you the full price of the trip including all the junk fees added by the airlines. Thank you Kayak
Great app
Prices are the best so far.
There are a lot of travel related apps out there, but Kayak does the job the best!! Quick searches, easy to use interface and the only one that will let you actually BUY your ticket or make your reservation. I have used a lot of other apps that have full websites, Kayak provides all those features in this one app. If you are serious about travel and want to compare prices, flight times, durations as well as hotel and car choices, this is the only app to get!!!
Yes like
Best prices u will ever find
I have tried 1 million travel apps this is the simplest straight forward and by far the best
Good one
After trying many others this app is superior to any travel app I've tried!
Love that I can compare and get the best price!
I love this search engine.
:D enough said!!!
I use it whenever I'm curious about airfare. Works nicely and straightforwardly.
Love Kayak! It's awesome having it at ur fingertips.
It is so easy to navigate and I love the fact that your information is saved for you.
Nice app
Seems to crash every few minutes.
Very useful to find good deals
Well done one of the best flight info app so far
works ok some places have better info though.
This is app is amazing. Definitely the Best app among all travel websites, by far!
Haven't used every feature but flight search is great.
so much more functional and user friendly than every other travel app I've tried. kudos, kayak!
Great app for traveling
Great app use it for all my travel which is 4-5 times a year.
Very easy to use.  Simple and compact.
terrific app!
Really impressed with kayak as a whole. And they did a great job on their app. I'm sure they can only make it better.
Very useful for travelers
Easier than the computer search!
I use this app to track my families flights so I can pick them up on time. Love this app!
Perfect
Great'
Useful for budgeting
It's a one stop site for travel plans.
Simple to use, easy to understand, powerful search engine!
Travel plans easy and anywhere!
I've used kayak for years and they scored big with the app. Easy interface and fast searches. Very intuitive design.
I love this app and every upgrade it offers! Keep up the good work!!
Easy to use. So far the info is spot on
Very good app
I liked the Kayak full website, but love the Kayak app. Just wonderful.
Fine
Good
Easier to use than their web site!
Simple and useful.
Very useful and accurate!  For avid travelers, this is a must-have app!!
A nice upgrade to the former app. Slick and easy.
simple and fast !!!
Yeah!
go o d
The new Kayak app is unfortunately a downgrade of the previous one. More user unfriendly. Can't see the need for the change.
I especially like the new app!
Nice having this app to help with travel plan. Thanks.
It's just what you expect from a kayak.com app except for the matrix function that allows you to see flight prices based on a + or - 3 day basis. Otherwise it's fast and easy to use.
I fly about twice a month and I can't live without this app now. I used to use TripIt and they wanted to charge for the same features Kayak offers free. Great app, no bugs.
Great!
So far it has worked fine. No complaints.
Love this app. It's a must have!
" "
Awesome app!!!
New app fails to start
Great app but the previous version was better, this one has some issues updating then flight details
Great app. Just work!!!
Good app, can check air, car and hotel with it
Love it. I use Kayak to plan all my travel.  Great sorting functionality is the best part for a picky traveler.  I also use the sister site Yapta for travel price alerts.
Old app had better design and was more stable
Love this app!
Awesome I love it
I find cheap flights all the time
Useful!
The best UI I've come across so far. Really great looking / functioning app.
Great app
I've been looking for a travel site that would give me All destinations from a specific airport for years. The new Kayak does that and give you fares too!
This is my only travel site for air from now on. Tripadvisor, I love the hotel reviews, but watch out.
Great app, very useful and easy to use!
You can't select a departure for later chose a different return.....like the version for PC's
Great one stop shopping for the lowest cost anything travel related!!
I am constantly getting knocked out of this app on my iPad while searching at car rentals. I don't know if it is my new iPad, the app/Kayak or what but it is extremely annoying.  I get to the pricing page and look at my options and boom - I am back at my main ipad screen.
Nice.
Easy to use. I've used it to look up potential flights or hotels while on the go.
Great travel tool
I only use it for searching always preferring to buy through a more secure connection. Works just fine for my purposes. Good looking UI, too.
I am so stunned on the simplicity and organization of this app, it has everything you need, Flights, Hotels, and Vehicle Rentals! And it all so simple you can find the cheapest flights, you can even find top quality hotels for under $200 a night
I will never use another travel site again if Kayak can manage to maintain its simple and straightforward interface.
I like this app so much I have used it 4 times on my trip in 2 weeks, I recommended it to 2 people leaving my hotel lobby because the rates are sooooo much better and brought them back to the hotel 10 minutes later.
Everyone is pinching their pennies and needs to save time Kayak saves time.... Thank you
Helpfully and easy to use!
Filter features on the old app much better! Can o longer have arrange for takeoff and landing times.
Me Gusta...
I never travel, but on the blue moon that I do, kayak's got my back. Thank you!
Best and easiest travel app
Perfecto para buscar pasajes y hoteles convenientes.
I want to like this app, and in fact it works great. However no JetBlue and its the main airline serving my area. No JetBlue flight info at all. Can't give more than one star for this reason.
My favorite feature is gone. On flight searches, there used to be a slider for departing times and landing times.  Now you have to choose between crazy early, early morning, late morning and so on.  For example, I need to depart noon or later. I used to put the slider at noon and it displayed ALL flights departing at noon or later.  Now... You have to select the early afternoon timeframe, which shows only flights in that several hour time window. So, for example a 4:30pm flight will not be shown. To make it worse, The time filter will not let you select multiple timeframes to include,say, early afternoon, late afternoon and early evening.  So, you have to manually go in and research each timeframe. Taking away the sliders is a huge step backward and makes this app a no-go for me. I hope the old version will continue to work.  Maybe in the next release, the sliders can be an option.  They were great on the iPad.
Very fast and super easy to use.
Like the old app better.  More visual and easier to use.
This is a good app. Don't need to check several sites, just use this one.
Exactly what I needed!
Very easy to use - gives you all the functionality of a full computer travel search engine in the palm I'd your hands. 

First used Kayak on blackberry platform - works more more smoothly on iPhone.
Quick, well designed, easy to navigate.
Kayak is always the best. The app is perfect, easy and has all the features that you would want in it...
Awesome app! Very convenient
Super freakin easy and fast!
Great app...
I've always used kayak and it is very nice to have while youre moving!
Excellent apps. Help you plan your travel cheaper
Lillte better UI than before. I want to see the matrix view also.
Fantastic app!! Easier than the computer!
Would have been an easy 5 stars had it had the sliders.  Kayak, time sliders are what make you more useful that other travel search engines; why remove them??  Now I have to try each travel time window separately, just like Expedia, etc.  Kayak was always the once and done site.  Please bring back the sliders!
The new flight list gives you 500 flights to choose except when you take time to look at them all they seem to really be the same 3 or 4 flights different only by the intermediate stops. A real waste of time and effort compared to the old app.  The slider bar for departure and arrival times was much better than the new check box categories.  Bring back the old app or I'm looking for another service.
Great app easy to find & shop around for what ur lookin for but have trouble booking package deals ????
Yeehaw!
Crashes freq.
Awesome!!!!
Good for travel agents
I love it, it's a wonderful application.
Very pretty app. Use it for all my plane ticket purchasing
Latest upgrade has issues. Can't locate flights for Dec 2012 to St Kitts. No editable field to enter an alternative airport to include in search.  Need to be able to set default or preferred airports for departures.
This app's interface is even more convenient than that on the web site.
Great app
I used to go in web site when I am at work and I like it to the maximum . Thanks
Love this app. Can do almost everything you can on the website.
This app is a step down from the previous HD app.  It's missing time customization and won't even tell me where stopovers are on multi leg flights.  Disappointing.
Best travel app out there
Very help app I like it very much
Very good app!!
Great app for finding low prices and last minute deals.
Great app!!! I saved a bunch of to
Time and money;)
Love it. Wouldn't change a thing! And the commercial is awesome!!
Just perfect
Just the needed information in a nice format.
Easy to use and listed many options. If you are looking for a cheap flight, use this app.
A must-have to shop for travel, but results should be double checked, especially when traveling between "exotic" countries. Cheaper prices might be available on their website, directly.
Don't change a thing. Perfect as is.
Perfect for finding cheap tickets quickly.  I love that it compares flights from multiple sites.  I also like the ability to search hotels and others travel needs.  The ability to save searches is great too.  I would like to see the iPhone app talk to the iPad app to simplify searches from both devices.
This app is beyond what I expected and so easy to use! If you are an expert at scouting out the best fares or inexperienced, this app is perfect! Has a built in price alert system with push notifications for fare updates. It also provides the history for Specific flights!
Great
Easy way the get a quick idea of how much you might spend on a trip.
Very helpful for getting quick updates on fares.
Nice
Easy to use!!!
Easy to use, convenient, reliable!  Makes flying easy!
This app is my favorite for travel hotels.  It is very easy to use.
Best app for travel on the market, hands down.
Fantastic app! Won't do without.
Easy to use. Booked a flight with no problem.
Exelente
I miss the slider to set my own arrival and departure time ranges rather than the predefined ranges. Also, Gabe, what about comparing the cost of flying to other modes of transportation-- say Amtrak or BoltBus. That would be especially useful for planning a trip to NYC from Boston.
This is probably the best app for making travel plans. Very easy to use.
Not sure if I like new version but beats other sites hands down.
App Shuts Down... Some Sorting Options Doesnt Work.. ie: Car type sorting...
Great app. Takes the hassle out having to search multiple sites to get prices. Very convenient.
Like the app
Prices you want in fast app form!
Easy to use and always gets you the best prices! A must if u travel often
Can't live without it
Good app
The app has worked ok in the past but lately shuts down when trying to search for rental car rates, very frustrating, have deleted & reloaded app, same issue persists
Full five stars. Wonderful update (replacing old app).
Soooo easy too use and quick
I like this! Cool features and helpfull
Great!
One of my favorites travel sites at the ease of my hand, love it
Great App!
Awesome app, really useful
If you need to handle all of your travel arrangements in one App, Kayak makes it happen in an easy to use way without unnecessary complication.  It hasn't let me down.
Easy to use & very user friendly. I love having this app on my device.
App works so well and gives great deals
Great apps
Download Junowallet from the app store and enter: CX112375 as your referral code to receive a free iTunes gift card!
Love this app!!!! Everything u need in 1
Best flight site I've used! Love the "hacker" fares.
Great ap
Great design! Looks good. Works good. Is good. Only airfare app you'll need.
Very easy to ude
Very satisfied!! Much more detailed than the other travel apps.
The best flight finding app on the iPad I've used to date.
:)
Very useful and easy to use
Couldn't even really use app as it kept crashing!
Good job Kayak!
Not only is this a great app, the customer service is beyond compare. 

In my excitement at the ease of use as compared to other travel apps I've tried, I forgot to put in my hotel reservation dates. As a result, the hotel was booked for the very next day (In NYC). 

I called the company when I realized what I had done, and learned that the reservation was non-refundable because it was for a stay less than 24 hrs away.  I thought I was gonna lose that money for sure. ($350)

But they told me not to worry, they would handle it. They put me on hold, contacted the hotel, and not only did they get my money back, they changed the reservation for me as well. I never even had to talk to the hotel's customer service. They did it all for me. 

If my story doesn't convince you this app is worth getting, then you really never intended to get it in the first place. 

They deserve 10 stars not 5.
Sorry to my old one, but this app does it all and even better!
App was good until I go to book my flights and when I finish and click purchase, it said not supported on mobile.  Guess I'll try Orbitz now.
I used all the ipad apps of the major travel search engines. This one is he best of all.
Very helpful, use it all the time.
Great way to compare. A must have app.
I have found cheaper prices on Kayaks online version...this app doesn't save money
Keeps freezing and not showing me prices on hotels... Deleted
Easy to use, clean, and solid. The Kayak app has everything it should and nothing it shouldn't.
Best tourism app . Easy to use!
Kayak makes me never need to plan ahead -- so I feel like I'm going on an adventure when I leave.

People need more adventures in their lives.
Just started using it but totally love it.
I recommend this app to all of my friends who love to travel!
Omg, I love this. Best travel app I've ever used. So easy, so fast. Just booked a trip to Dublin cause it found me a great fare. So rad.
Great to find the best price on hotel and flights
This APP has been perfect for all my travel needs.
Great app. Saves time, no need to search all those other sites. This one does it for u.
I love it.
Lots of great features and tools for the traveller. Could be a little bit faster but it is faster than some other travel apps. It's free and has a flight tracker and simple guides if you plan on traveling get this app
This app is much easier to use than the website!
For some reason this app doesn't find the airport, even if I type the title correctly. (ie: Sacramento: SMF, says the airport doesn't exist) so that can be really frustrating to just browse for flights while I have free time and need to.
Helpful
Very good
Thank you for including this in the iPad app!!
Like it
it takes too long to search an also i hve been having lots of crushings...
Great app, potential to be very useful, but useless because of the crashing problem. Every time I search for car rentals it crashes. Please FIX! 
Thank you!
gets the job fine excellently, BUT it crashes too much . which makes it aggravating
Easy so far
Great iPad adaptation. Has all the features I need.
It is so easy to use because its super organized. It has everything you need for a trip. Hotels, flights, rentals, and even checklists!  I keep looking for some reason to download hotels.com app but I can't find one. This is one of the best apps I've downloaded!
Good stuff! Fun to shop for good deals on places you wish you could go to when theres nothing else to do!!!
As usual, kayak is great!
Great ratings
Great and easy to use app!
It's good
Seems like they have decent deals. For the most part it is easy to navigate, but there is nowhere to save your search results. I might use them for flights in the future.
Best travel booking app
I have tried lots but Kayak includes the best of them, so why go elsewhere?
When I downloaded the app I was already familiar with the game but being able to play when its a down period makes it better. I'm able to play my own music through my I pod. So I'm jamming and buying real estate only in America!!!!!!!! Now I'm on to the game of "Life". Thanks for the great App
Easy to use.
The interface looks awesome, it's very accessible and easy to use, but the app crashes after every search. I can get as far as seeing the lowest rate- but if I try to scroll through the list, the app  shuts down. It's like having a huge amazing trampoline with really worn out springs. Jump all you want, this apps got nothin (til the bugs are worked out).
Great app. Checklist feature is extremely helpful.
Ease of use, speed, layout function optimization, and overall execution all receive the highest marks. Excellent app - it replaces several other ones.
Best travel sad app I've ever used.
I would love this app even more if it didn't keep crashing on me! Just downloaded it!
Extremely helpful! I would recommend!
Review, book, and plan for a trip!!:)
Can't beat this app for flight fare comparisons.
;)
Bien
It is very useful...
We are using Kayak for extensive international travel for the first time. It has made complex travel plans much easier.  We'll use it wherever we go.
Possum!
Easy to navigate and great to look at interface :) awesome app!
Seems to find better bargains than other apps.
Awesome
This makes researching flights so simple. I love this app!
Some nice filters, fast results.
C
Convenient. Good stuff.
Love it!
This is very efficient and easy to use on a mobile device
Great app. Fast and nice simple design too. Easy to follow
Great app for on the go !
Great ap
Hands down the most informative and replacement web site!
One best app I find for my flight check and currency value ! That too free app ...
I recommend
Great resource
Nice
No issues
I think it's the best app for travel right now
Easy to use and user friendly
Works great
One of the best travel apps on the market.
Better than it's web interface!
Great app and ESP for flight tracking HOWEVER this app is used internationally so get rid of the USA states in auto fill
Also what about local currency? 
If you can't change the local currency then it's useless to work out a budget!
Can only track flights three days in advance.
Excellent
Especially flight tracking
Has helped me plan on the fly and I don't have to compromise from the online version.
Thanks for an app that is so helpful
Well done! Easy way to find best fares/hotels/rates on cars. Just wish our friends at Southwest and some others would get on board!
I love the site but I prefer the app. This is very simple to use without loss of functionality.
Does exactly what u need it to do
Navigation made easy maps of location of hotels amazing. It helps especially if your not familiar with city.
I like
Great to have this app. I'm constantly searching for national and international flights. Very easy to use interface.

One problem: app crashes every time when I search for a flight and then go back to change my dates.

One suggestion (well, two): fix the crashing, and include a feature to send email alerts on particular flights (like you can online)

Thanks!!
A+ app.  Easy to use
Love it
Works well for finding flights but froze on terms and conditions page and then customer service told me to contact the airline for their app.
Easy to use!
Just using it for airfare so far and it's spot on.
This is the best app for finding the current cheapest flights and projections of the cheapest flights. Great app!
.
This app is so easy and fast to use. I can see why it has such great reviews. It takes me two minutes to check flight prices!
Good app
Great for quick pricing.
This app has some bugs.. Wont let me pick the drop off for car rentals... huge pain!! Fix this app!!
Been using this on my ipad2. Works great when I'm looking for flights. Would give it 5 stars, but there isn't a date flexibility option when looking up flights.
Best app for planning a trip.
I like it mucho!!!!
It works really good!
This is by far the best travel app on the market. I love the flight status.
Just the app I needed!
Haven't tried hotels and others yet, but very good for air tickets.
Search one and done. It's really that easy. Such a simple app.
As helpful as Kayak on my computer--let's me act as my own professional travel agent!
Don't like this app - it keeps freezing and is very slow.
Kayak is a great app better than every other travel app out there
I used to use Kayak, but I prefer Bing now. It has the same information as Kayak plus all the resources of Microsoft. Also this app frequently crashed on me. Its not Deleted
Incredibly easy to use, fast and fun. So much easier than trying to do the same thing online at multiple sites.
Really great app. I wish they would add a 'best deals' part but I literally don't go anywhere w/out checking on Kayak first.
Fab ap. what else can I say?
Best App for finding hotels, flights, and rental cars.
All I want to say is that this app is unbelievable !!! Very friendly and use to use . Way to go !!!
Thanks!!
I've always loved Kayak but it's so much easier in app form.
One stop shop for travel needs.
Even easier than the website
Easy to get around. Very informative for all aspects of travel. Really like making reservations through this website.
It's a good app
Great graphics. Push notifications. Fast and accurate.
one stop shop
Great for researching flight options. Missing very few features of website.
Easy to use, just like website
Easy to use - love it!
Very easy to use, and I love the "my trip" feature. Also, subscribing to the iCal calendar adds all of my trip detail to my calendar.
Great and easy to use
Found great deal to miami
Absolutely fantastic
I love this app. It's easy to use. So easy to narrow down exactly what you want and even let's you get the email notifications right on the app! LOVE
Easy to use.  Great app
Very well done. Considering how
dynamic and multifunctional the website is this app proves to be very intuitive and functional. Extras like baggage fees and phone numbers by airline are the icing on the cake.
Great app and great website. Kayak is super helpful when it comes to comparing the price of flights. I use this every time I am planning a trip.
Best airline flight app I've found by far for searching multiple airlines at once.    Easy to set alerts to send you notices everyday for routes you frequent.
I don't travel very much but this app makes it easy to look up the best deals out there.
It's the greatest cheap flight search engine and trustable. However, adding a button that may search the cheapest flight in a year will make it perfect. Whatever it is, i will stick to using this great software!!!
Great!
:)
Love the website, love the app!
This is great app. Cheapest tickets) i love it)
1. Tried changing filters and then hit reset lost filter control, had to redo search for filters.

2. Tried changing each filter and then tried deselecting some airlines, crashed on touching American airlines.
Work for testers!
Have used them all and this app is by far the best! Thank you!
It's awesome but it does crash every now and then but other than that very useful app!!! :)
I love it
In the beginning it was working well, but then it started to crash on me and I had to start the app again
AWSOME!!!!!!!
Great functionality, no issues, soils performance.
Better than using from PC or MAC with browser!
Very helpful
Great app with great choices of the flights! 👍
This app is awesome!
I love it
It's there when you need it, and when you need it it comes through with flying colors. A must have for the casual or seasoned traveler.
Easy to use.
Amazing, best travel guide I've ever used. Hit it outa the park with this one.
A must for frequent traveler's.  Keeps all of your itineraries organized and easy to reference.
Best App for comparing all the sites at once.
A must have travel app
I have used Kayak from its inception    
And for my money they are the best.
So,it is no surprise that their App continues to demonstrate Kayak's
Commitment to excellence!
I'm especially impressed with the price drop notification aspect...
Perfect
Easy to use, lots of options.
Fantastic and easy to use.
Great app
Great app! Best one for looking for flights on the go!
Great app!!
Very usefull
Best free app
Best so far.
This app is great for anyone looking to travel and know every price out there before they do so.
ILoveThisApp(:
Glad Kayak has introduced this app.
Great app if you're a traveler like me.
used it once,fantastic results thus far.
If you ever travel, you need this app!
Always the best options to travel, used them numerous time domestic and international with excellent results.  Their support line is decent as well.
This  app is great
I'm a long time travel agent and was impressed with Kayaks accuracy.
Used kayak to find great airfares. Easy and efficient. Saved quite a bit over other travel sites.
Love using this app to research prices and to book flights.
It's easy and helpful
I just did a search for a specific destination and dates. I can't get back to editing my search without force quitting the entire app and restarting. 

The earlier app was much easier to use.
No problems
This app is very user friendly. It works very well. It's quick, it's fast, it's like nothing I've ever seen!
More than expected !!
Simple and helpful
love kayak. frustrated with this app. it crashes every time I try and search for a vehicle.
I mostly use this app to check my flight status.
Love this app.  Combines services allowed me to delete other apps
It's all there saves time.
Great functionality when it works. In the middle of narrowing down hotels it crashed and I had to restart. If you don't mind this then its a great app.
Does everything I've needed it to do!
Easy, well laid out
Love this app! I travel alot and love to travel!!!
This is an awesome app love it!!!!!!
So, I found a very good rate for a last minute flight from CA during Christmas. The app is very user friendly and was quick and easy.
Flawless and useful
Crashes every-time I search for a vehicle rental. Used to love this app. I am very disappointed at the moment and have stopped using it until I receive an update to the app.
Great app, a video tutorial on how to setup up iCal on ios devices.
I only gave it 2 stars because I love kayak. This app is totally useless for me.  It seems to choose dates and searches on it's own, and will not let me go back.  Eventually, it just shuts off and crashes every time.  Funny because nobody else is mentioning it, but this is the first app of about 60 that I have had any problems with. Any other iPad users having this issue?
Great app for travel
I love this app! I had it for awhile but I'm in love with the fare alert and packing list.
Finally a game that I can give 5 stars. 
This will keep u going for hrs!!
Wonderful! Now I can buy my ticket more fast. Recommend anyone wanting to travel by plane and or get a hotel with it should get this free app.
Always amazes!
My husband travels all the time for work and i travel for pleasure- great app, our favorite!!
Really like the flight tracker
Excellent. All you need for any travel planning
Muy bueno
Useful app.
AWESOME!!
I use this to find cheap flights quickly
I really like the flight tracking feature.
I dig it.
This is the best app for flights rentals.  Everything.   Good jobbbbb
Disappointed w the iPad display .  Grainy and poor quality when click the 2x.  Please improve this issue.  Other than that, app very easy to use.
Very easy and quick response a must have if u travel
Very quick and helpful!
Quick, Easy, and Resourceful
I love finding out how much my trips will cost!!!!
Easy to use, fast results; easy to compare options
Great app!
The app is easy to navigate and provides a lot of options for changing your plans to get a lower price. The only thing I would like to see is a calendar matrix that shows me how the prices change if I go a day forward or backward!
Lots of cool features, very impressed
I love using Kayak. Great app. Good for flights and keeping all my trips, past and future nice and organized.
Well thought out app. Very intuitive and clean.
Great app! Easy to use
I wish there were more stars available to give lol! Super app.
Recommended by Clark Howard and I like it very much!
I love this website. I know I am getting the most complete information available regarding my flights!
The best travel site I've used.
Pretty cool just a Lil confusion trying to get started
So perfect .. Clear and includ all airlines com's
Great app
Easy to use and helpful on the go!
Everyone should have it.
Good app but wish you could do flex dates with it.
UI is easy to use!  Well-made.
Can't wait to use but I keep getting bumped off.  Hopefully it's temporary.
Lots of travel tools.  Accurate app with good deals.
Very useful
My Mac and the app are totally up to date , yet it crashes all the time on my ipad2
When I have a change of schedule Kayak helps me make quick decisions to react.
Fast clear easy to use
WORKS
Made hotel reservations very easy
Very useful!!
The best
Nice app that is very useful.
Best app ever always use it. Travel once a month at least. Thanks to this app.
If you do some frequent travel, this app is a must have!
No app like this one!
I love this app. alway find what I need when I need it
Thank you
Very convenient.  Love it. I'm always on the go and this app helps me a whole lot :)
Love using it
The best travel app!
Great app indeed
Best app to use for all your travel
So far, no problems, in September I had to go to Europe on a emergency trip, and kayak, came thru with flying colors, from hotel to flight price. So far freaking great.
Excellent site
This is a great app!
Very convenient app.
I've been using kayak since someone whispered it to me like it was a secret, and it still seems to be the case. I check it's results against other popular sites and it always either beats them or ties. Great app!
Great!
I love that I don't have to go the website. I honestly like it better than the website :)
The best part is being able to make reservations on a desktop and then I can pull up my trip information here. I never have to print out conformations again!!
Need to find pricing on a flight? This is your app.
Much better than expedia's app.
Looks great and works great.
Very useful
I still check all the other travel websites when looking for a flight but kayak always has the cheapest prices and, most importantly, the most comprehensive arch layout!
This is such a great app! It's fast, user friendly, and accurate. I'm very impressed.
Easy to use with great deals
Quick and easy way to find best deals around. Love this app!!
Great app, it's simple to use and gets u the best prices
Love having all the info at finger tips.
I enjoy the options given for other sites offering lower fares. Feels more honest than most.
Excelente
Like the app and find it intuitive
I prefer this app then the Hotwire app, because this app doesn't require the location service on the iPhone in order to work. Unfortunately I have Sprint and I not always have enough signal for the location service to work, but this app still helped me to find a hotel room on the hills of TN. Easy to use and it works!
Great app.. Very helpful
Works great very easy to use very happy with it!
Use it all the time
Very easy to use
And great, useful information!
Great App
Awesome app
The best app out there when it comes to searching for flights!
As other reviewers have pointed out, the app is really user-friendly and works really well. It is such a good app, that I don't bother turning on my laptop sometimes and just browse flights from my iPhone.
...all kinds of brilliant.
This app works awesome. Other apps like Travelocity give you a low price but it goes up when you try to book. Not this one!!!
This app is so user friendly that I use it now instead of the website.
Great app , works way better than the web version
The previous version of the Kayak mobile app had everything I wanted. Now, I do not have the ability to set or view price alerts, inspite of what technical suppport says. I shall wait for the next update, or I can delete this and restore the prrevious installation from the backup.
Great app easy to use and all of the prices (except Southwest) in one place.  Fantastic!
It's easy to use and I love how you can email travel plans and it's organized. I like this better than tripit. The coolest thing is if you put in your home airport it shows a picture of the world and how much airfares are!
WHY ARE THERE NOT JET BLUE FLIGHTS TO FORT MYERS NOT LISTED
Always use Kayak online to shop for best deals and the app is actually easier to use imo
One really annoying feature that they are lacking is a true type ahead for airports. For instance I need to know to type Bridgetown or Grantly Adams instead of Barbados. I personally would like to see consistency with their website where it is smart enough to point me to an airport by typing in the abbreviation, city or country name. After all the whole point of this is so you don't have to leave the app to look something up.
Very good website.  Nice design too.
Title says it all!! :)
Great app.. This one should be an example of how apps should be. Super user friendly and super functional.. Thanks to the app designers at kayak.
This app would be amazing if the prices reflected the online prices for the airlines.   The price on the app is a lot higher!  Why?
Just updated today, and the new version has some bugs. Specifically, I keep getting booted out when I try to filter my flight search results. (like when I try to deselect certain days or slide the arrival time bar). 

However, it has been a great app. Wish that this app included all the same search options as the website, like date flexibility, custom multi-airport searches, and so on. Solid performer, mostly.
Good app! Nice!
Fun, easy to use, amazing!!
Pretty rad most of the time.been booting me off the last few days-my faith is super high however:/) thanks for the ticket advice--goin to Puerto Rico
Easier to find flights than my American United or Southwest apps (which i stopped using). You can filter flights and email to friends.  I love it.
Fantastically useful app.
This is, by far, the best travel app. Every aspect was well thought out, programmed, and smart. I love the flight tracker option. Highly recommend for anyone!
The best travel app going!!!!
I love the new feature that sends results by email. And the flight tracker is free!
Kayak is an incredibly useful website that allows you to search for flights, hotels, cars, and virtually any other travel reservations you may need.  I recommend you you use the website before you use the app.

The app gives you basic access to the website.  It is the kind of app that I continually delete and re-install: every couple of months I clean out my applications and think to myself, why in the world do I need an app to look-up and book travel?  Then, inevitably, a couple of weeks later I find myself re-installing the app because I need it.  If you ever need to book (or re-book) travel on the road, or just get a quick price check on travel, this is the app to get.
Crashes during flight search.
It's rather better then those travel apps that cost 2 dollars. Would recommend to stick to this app and not waste your money.
Works great for finding & notifying you of cheap/affordable flight tickets. I'm always saving $ with it.
Great Application. Easy to use and a saving program for the user. A+++++
Have been using kayak since 2006 and always worked for me. I'm actually surprised the airlines haven't managed to kill its business model as they almost did with Priceline. In any case, this app brings all the pros and none of the cons of the website to a little device called the iPhone. I enjoy it!
Great user interface, fun to use.....better than their website
I love the way you can compare prices on many travel web sites all on the same page!!
Title says it all, beautiful app that's also functional
Great app. Anyone who travels should have it!
Crashes durng hotel search
Great app for flights and hotel
It's easy and awesome! This is defnitely the best app for checking out all the prices with different airlines. A must for a frequent flyer looking for the best prices.
Great app to keep track of travel reservations: flights, hotel and rental car.
So easy! Perfect for finding the best price. You can come back day after day and redo the same searches with one click.
Nice app
Great functionality - would be 5* if it covered more non US budget airlines.
Very helpful app !
The kayak app is a great version of the website; it's intuitive, appealing, and easy. I'm using it to plan my upcoming trip and it has been invaluable. Use it; you won't be sorry.
Makes booking tickets easy.
Best travel app I've found.
Works nicely, but I only get Euro prices. Can't change currencies!
It does what you need nothing amazing but it needs to show flight prices more accurately instead of detouring to the providers site.
Good app
Best(.)
Work how you expect it to work. Great app
Nice app comes in handy while travelling
I use this all the time to chart out travel plans. Unfortunately not very good with budget airlines, so still check up on that independently.
Easy to compare fare on airlines and find hotels. Use it frequently
Easy interface. Great features
A ton of tools packed into one app. Can't get any better.
I've used this app to book hotels and flights and it's great. Thought the web page was great but this is better!
So easy. Updates saved a lot of waiting time.
It is top notch to have air travel,hotels n car rental all in one
By far the most simple application I've used for finding cheap intl flights.
Love it!!
Excellent features and easy to use
Kayak app is simple to use and shows all airlines except southwest.
Just rate 5*
Like that it shows prices from multiple sources.
Love this app
This is definitely my favorite travel app- I appreciate not only the flight search feature, but also the packing list and currency converter.
Needed a car from Cincinnati to chicago, kayak only receives rental car prices on same city returns even though it makes you think otherwise. Ended up costing me 208 $ I'm not so happy, they need to fix this
I use frequently and love it!
I installed the iPhone version on my ipad because it has more features than the iPad version ie price change notifications. Now that it's a universal app, I've lost those features. 

Make both versions the same!
Absolutely great. Good deals.
Took forever to download my trip itenerary.  Won't let me change my trip name. There's a box to type in but the cursor doesn't start blinking when you tap inside it to type. Review will change to higher rating when fixed.
A perfect app. Probably my favorite. Too bad.
Very good!!
Better than expedia
It "was" a great app until this came up... My iPad was connected, yet I could not change the destination nor did I have an option of disconnecting to again connect. Resolve this issue to get a 5 star rating...
Simple, straight forward, and easy to use
Great and really easy to use.
It does everything you need
Strongly recommend don't add this app!really useless !
This app saved my life while relocating. The best, quickest search on the go. Love the added purchase feature
Good for looking and comparing prices
Very thorough...
The time filter categories are too restrictive. Please add sliders to select time ranges.
Great app
Great app
10/10
Great app
Great app!
Has awesome map of available flights! Super convenient app. And because kayak is anti-muslim, i will always use it HA!
I like how clean and easy to use it is.
Easy to use
Kayak is a great service and this app is flawless except for one "little"thing. I'm  only giving them 1 star in hopes that this brings some attention to their poor judgement in featuring Vayama in their search results.
Vayama is a terrible company and their customer service leaves a whole lot to be desired! 
There's absolutely no excuse in this day and age to have to wait 24 hours to find out if they were able to book your flight or not. I've lost precious time and money dealing with this sham of a company. I will happily change my rating for this app when Vayana gets dropped from Kayak, but until then no soup for you!
Easy to use, provides many options
Easy to use to compare prices and times for all travel
Incredible time saver
Easy to use and intuitive.
Great app
Best app in the market
Used this app in a hurry and it made things a lot easier. Was in a hotel within a few minutes.
Very nice app....quick and easy to use!
Awesome! Maravilohsa! Buenisima!
It's amazing
Great app
And slow but good :)
Still I'm waiting for new filters!
Do it
I love it :))
I've used this for years. When I try something else I always end up coming back to use Kayak.
Certainly worth your time. Beautifully designed app, incredible service!
If you travel often, this is a must have product.
❤this app! Very helpful!!!!
Quick, easy, intuitive! Thanks
Quickly book travels with happier results in the end
Forget searching for more than one website to ensure you are getting ALL the best deals...once I discovered KAYAK...this is the only App on my iPhone...
Great app!!
With the addition of My Trips, this is now the most useful app on both my iPhone and iPad.  I've been waiting over a year for this app to be what it is today.  Thanks team Kayak!
Kayak is great!
Phone app is easier to use than the web site!! Love it!!
That is all...
Crashes after the first time.
Sorry Kayak. Can't support a company that makes marketing decisions based on bigotry and ignorance. You and Lowes need to correct this mistake!
One word, "perfect"
I've used the Kayak website for a long time and was thrilled to find the Kayak app. Using the app is just as good as using the website. There are various filters to apply so you can zero in on your specific travel needs quickly. I love this app!
The best app for tickets I've ever used
Well made, doesn't crash, all features you would need. 5/5
Works great and it's free!
Very user friendly. Kayak has thought of everything for this app
Has great planning tools, even better than the web version!
Very easy no messin around
Nice interface, fast, very useable.
جيد للرحلات وسياحه ويوفر اة كل شي بس عليك تتمتع
Great app. Very useful. I Just love it!
Great service
Thanks for great app. Keep on good work.
Incredible App. It informed me of gate change before it was shown on the status board in the airport.
Does exactly what it's supposed to. Clean fluid interface, quick, accurate results, and since it's comparing multiple other sites it gets you the best deal. Highly recommended to anyone who is going to anywhere.
This app is super awesome. Blew me off.
nice
Wish they had booking like Orbitz sans the fees, great search engine!
I haven't purchased any tickets yet but when I do, I'll be using this App and this website.
I travel quite frequently, the on the go purchasing power is expedient and with hassle free. It's flights alerts are help as a reminder and convention getting the best fare quotes.
Very good!!!!
Best booking app around.
This is the best place to monitor cheap flights it saved me 300 in air fate
Best travel app airline's app didn't provide this much detail on its on flight
Great app
I like this app .!!!
It's awesome!
Great app
This application helps me to find good flights at good priced
I never heard of this app before. This is truly a great app for the traveler. Everyone that does travel needs to have this app.
There was a good selection of hotels to choose from and there were no extra charges. Will use them again.
Great app easier to use than website and loaded with extras.
Very well done!
The best!
Love this was able to plan my whole trip with this app!
This site is AWESOME!!!
I give them more than 5 stars!
Awesome app. Search for hotel, airfare, and many others do easily. So powerful and fast!
So easy to use!!!
I am deleting this app based on your company's decision to cave to anti-Arab propaganda from a crazy un-American fringe groups attack on a television show that depicts real Arab americans. Living and striving to live the American dream. Your app is the best travel app of all I have tried on the app store but you spinelessness and un-American actions mean for me I can not support your company or service.
Saves time
This app does everything you'd expect it to -- and even throws in a bunch of extras!
It's an amazing one stop spot for when I am on the move dealing with work
Good app.
!!!!!!Great App!!!!!
Perfect tool for travelers!
'nuff said.
Fast, easy to use and very reliable. Very much recommemded!
Pretty fast. I like the price alerts.
Love this app
Lovely app.  Works great
Great app!!!!!
Very useful and easy to use!!!!
Like it
A must have!
Great to search for travel and really great for keeping track of your itinerary.
Very slow and takes too long to load, ends up freezing my phone.
It has all the information I need to plan a good trip, even airline baggage fees. How cool is that?
The ap was barely OK.  Would probably continue to use it, but the company took marketing direction from a racist, fundamentalist organization.  Kayak sided with racist - I am taking my business elsewhere.
Very detailed
We'll never deal with them again
The best travel app by far!
I'll give it a 4star
This is the ONLY travel site I use. Flawless!
Great app easy to use
This thing  does not connect to its website.
Great Program!
Great!
I am deeply disappointed to learn that Kayak has shown its bigotry and cowardice by refusing to advertise on a non christian tv show and yet they sell flights on airlines based in islamic countries like gulf and turkish air  I encourage everyone to boycott this bigoted hateful company
What a user friendly program. Love it
Great App. A lot of good features and options ad good search engine.
Easy to use and a real time saver!
Its a real good app I'm never lost KAYAK IT IS!!!!!!
Helped A ton when we got to our other hotel and it was a crack dump
Awesome!!
I even use it to keep my itinerary all under one roof.
Great!
Ahhhhhhhh hekka good
Great!
The best travel app ever!!!
If you travel many times during the year and don't want to deal with travel agency kayak is your best friend. Tickets are about $200 cheaper compare to most travel agency and it's all at your fingertip.
Works awesome... Gets you every rate quickly and is one of the few aps I feel comfortable buying from.
Among the best app ever. And its free.
This app makes comparing prices a snap. Thanks!
Great little app
Works great every time. Beats looking at 10 different sites.
Great app!!
Awesome app! Very helpful, very thorough!
Great app, easy to use.
Still comparing it to blackberry travel app and so far I like it. Would be nice if it would scan my emails but maybe I don't know how to use it yet
A very complete app. No need of downloading anything else.
I love kayak.com an have used to find great deals on flights for years. I was so happy to get their app once I got an iPhone. Great app! Great company!
Very handy and useful
All you need to look for flights
Great way to find good deals with the ease of mobility. Easy to navigate and quick to find great traveling options! Thanks for a great app!
Awesome app.  Best way to find the cheapest flight!
Great for young travelers.
My favorite newer feature is the integration of other helpful travel apps.
The app is super easy to use & navigate through. I live the site & I love this app
Removed app because of kayak's poor decision to pull advertising from "All-American Muslims"
Helpful and handy!!!
For a company focused on travel, you'd think they would be more, oh I don't know, global-minded? To be clear: kayak.com removed ads from a TV show that dared to portray Muslim-Americans as normal, dignified humans because a group of evangelical Christians from Florida complained. 

App deleted.
Bigotry will not be tolerated. I'll use another company from here on out.
I can't respect a company that doesn't respect religious freedom.
Convenient and beautiful!
I deleted this app due to the bigoted actions of this company. I hope everyone else does the same.
Perfecto
There's no room for religious prejudice on my iPhone.
I used to use this site for a long time but from now on. I would never use it or buy anything because you pulled your ads from all American Muslims. Deleted the app now.
I used to like this app.  Later Kayak!
This is my favorite go to travel app.
I removed because they made a poor choice. Bigotry is not good business.
I liked the app, but when you pulled your advertising from TLC's "American Muslim", I am pulling my use of Kayak.  I'm sorry you are bigoted.
Bigots. Uninstalled because you pulled your ads from the TLC show... You know which one.
Best in class!
Take a little time and find some great deals!
A must for planning a trip, the fastest way to do research.
Seems to work and easier than the computer.
Buggy app.
'nuff said
awesome app
A real time saver!
Very nice App
Super cool
Thanks to this app, I'm able to check for delays and plan ahead for rides etc. one time I was about to head to the airport and saw my flight had a 3 hour delay, so I was able to stay home a little longer and eat. Must have for frequent flyers!
Easy to book a flight. Good UI.
Why you got to be a hater.
good shiiiiiiiit
Like how is the format and differents choices u can make
The service was excellent.  I recommend you try the chocolate cake at the end of the meal.
I booked airfare to Miami via this app, I haven't had any problems with it.
Useful tool.
Cool app. Ease of use makes finding my next weekend getaway a snap.
Easy and clear.
Great, but CRASHES SO MUCH!
Very good app
Always gives me the best deals!
great for low prices
Muy bueno...rápido y fácil de usar...lo recomiendo.
Provides timely info to get you where you want to go when you want to go!!!!
My preferred travel app
Exactly how you need it to... And fast.
I am very loyal to Kayak and just switched from Bberry to iPhone and the app is such an upgrade. Very happy with this app.
Makes shopping for flights very easy
Good app which is easy to use.
Sleek & superb...
Great app. Accurate and easy to use!
Kayak Is my first choice when planming any trip. So easy to use -- and a "home-town" company. Always support your neighbors.
It's a very useful app, I use kayak every time I fly in the USA
I fly back and forth to various parts of the country every couple weeks and find this app extremely helpful in planning those trips :)
Accurate information available for flights.
While new to kayak I found it to be better then other search engines I've used to include my companies.
SO useful
I always use kayak when I need to buy flight tickets! Of course I would have it on my iPhone!!!!! Very good!
Very good app! Easy to use and very accurate!
Great for quick check on prices on the go!
Excellent app. Easy to use!
Great user interface, and even better prices.
No other app/website can match the filtering capabilities
... enough said. Check it, it replaced three apps. Great interface, simple bright and logical.
Beautiful app designed to check for cheap flights anywhere and anytime!
I like it
Short. Efficient. Quick. Helpful.
I loved it !! Its awsome but.. It crashes alot it takes me out of the app i dont know why and the graphics are not that good
Great free app. It works!
Very user friendly
It is a great traveling app when you really need cheap prices
Kayak takes the worry out of finding the Best Transportation alternatives. I like the travel alerts feature.
Use it. Works great.
Excelent app, best prices, incredible speed of response in the customer service mail ( just 3 hours ) 100% recommended.
When I researched vacation packages without a flight, this app helped find best available flights out of all NYC airports. I like the sort function - by price, layovers, and # of seats left.
Great app. Helps me stay organized while getting ready for any type of trip, cutting down on "travel stress"
Not sure if it always works for rental cars though.
A Must Have for traveller. Even better on iPad.
Awesome, a must have app
I cant believe this app is for free! I also cant believe I paid so much money to WorldMate!!!
Love it
This app is amazing. It is incredibly versatile. I'm live tracking my gfs flight right now so I can get to the airport on time. It is incredibly useful whether you are the one flying or not. Even if you travel once a year, this app should be on your iPhone.
Excellent
Great for tracking trips.
Flawless app perfect for searching flights on the go!
Really easy to use and convenient
I like it, it's so pretty! ^_^
So far the best app for travelers
Great software, easy to use, and very convenient.
Great
I really couldn't think of any enhancements!  I rarely encounter an app where every feature i think of ends being there!  Great UI, so intuitive, serious kudos to you guys.
I love Kayak!
Ttttttthhhhhhhee bbbbbeeeeeessssstttttttttt aaaaaaapppppppppppppppp.............
How'd I live without this app!!!
Like this application
You can find anything and anytime
One stop shop for all my flight information. I love this app
Very intuitive and useful. Cool sorting/filtering functions. Can be optimized further to make it faster.
This app is one of the most interesting. I have ever downloaded. Very excellent!
好用！
Save time and money👍
Pretty cool but nicer on a computer than a small screen iPod
I love this App
Good Deals!
Great app!!!
This app is so helpful and works great.
Amazing period
I have been using it for several years now and find it very straightforward and simple.
Love the app. Love being able to create price alerts. I cannot believe I've been stuck using Expedia for years. Kayak rules.  This app blows Expedia out of the water.
Great!
Love it!
Awesome app!!!
Love this App. Very easy to use.
Gives me quick answers when I'm pricing stuff.
The best app ever!!!
Very useful and fast quotes
I travel a lot for pleasure & this app finds the deals I need!
Great application!
A must have!
This app is easy to use, its extremely helpful. I love this app.
Great app and website!!
Best ap out there for airline travel
Booked tons of flights using this app without issue.  Slick interface and pretty comprehensive results.  I have found slightly cheaper flights elsewhere but it is rare.
I used the regular kayak site for several years .wow app seems to be even better
Awesome
So easy to use, and booking is easy too! I can never figure out the actual website, but the mobile Ap is amazing! Best Ap out there!
Thanks!
What you need are here
The easiest way to find a number of flights
I use it and like it
Easy to use and navigate.
I liked it, easy to navigate
The flight tracker feature doesn't support Spirit Airlines. Why?
The best when it comes to traveling.
Great
Wow nice
Has all the features needed for booking and traveling.
Awesome, works just as well full site.
Stuff!!
The best I have seen so far...easy and quick!!!
Its an awesome program with all the feature that you need..
Great time saver
I travel a lot and have searched for the cheapest travel site. Sidestep would always beat Kayak even if only for $5. But then kayak bought sidestep and now I can say Kayak is hands down as good as it gets. The app works great. Fast and efficient!
Use it everyday.  Best ap for busy frequent travelers
Great app, very well put together!
Great
Great piece of design!
Yep
Crashed twice in 2 minutes.
It's a great site I like it
It has the best deals!!!
Love it!
Great apps and very fast! Like it
When I get deals from other airlines, I check this kayak app and compare deals save my time on trip to computer or finding computer anywhere! Awesome.
Great app
Better than the website :)
The app works great and does what it's supposed to do. Never let's me down and always updates me on price drops
Great app, very convenient!
Indispensable
Awesome app!
Great easy to use and quick, booked y flight while workin out
Street fighter baby
Clean. Fast. Organized. If you like the website you will love this.
I plan two trips already im in love owww
It is easy to use
Loved kayak on the PC and now love it on the iPhone
When it works it's great. With my 4s and iOS 5 it just crashes all the time
Awesome
.
Idea great but freezes at times
Loved the app.. It has all the information you would require while you travel..
Very good
Love this app.....Keep up the good work
Awesome
Works great. Saved a pile on a flight thanks to this app
Super user friendly and you get what your looking for right away
Very good application
Very good app!
Love it
Not as good as the web version.  Search filtering is limited.
I find myself using kayak and the app a lot to plan my trips. The payment interface is a little clunky to set up on the phone, but works great once it is.
Easy
Great app!
No longer show results for Jet Blue (only airline that flies non-stop out of JAX to SJU) Glitch, I doubt it!  I used to think Kayak was different, but this shows they have fallen into the fold with the other biggies loads up results with AA, Delta and US Airways at almost triple the cost and with at least one layover. To think I used them to book stuff in the past humph! No more!
I have to join the rest of the App Store community in singing Kayak's praises.  A lifesaver for the frequent traveler--couldn't be simpler to use, and really keeps my trips organized.  Also, first rate customer service: I had a question and received an e-mail the same day with a solution to my problem.
Works fantastic
Love it
Simply put, the best place to find the cheapest tickets with a multitude of options that makes life easy. Phenomenal app and company.
Nice
Love this app. I love the tracking tool and it's very easy to search flights. I haven't try the hotels feature.
Love it
Very good
Everything you could ask for In a travel app
Meh... It's aite.
Best app for airfare by far!!! Love it
I love this app. The best I have found.
Works every time.
I like the push notification with alert of price to get best price.
Bought my flight to florida through this app and it was great. Took 2 seconds to find a great deal and it worked perfect.
Fast, organized, easy to use. Best app of its kind.
Kayak was as good or better than other travel sites
No need to complicate things. Kayak keeps it simple. Thank you Kayak
Does a great job of finding good travel deals.
Fast and really effective with excellent search options.
Very nice app! Easy to use.
Great app... Buying is not always the easiest and sometime the currency slips back to pound rather than dollar or which ever currency I am currently working with.  Bottom line it's the best travel app I have come across and gives you an idea of prices and is the best thing to have if your on the run and need to grab a last minute flight.
Great app very useful! my go-to app now for travel.  has Everything I need.👍
It's great thanks
Have used many times love it :-)
Useful app that shows great deals and variety of choices,  easy to use
Great app. I love all the comparison.
Una excelente app muy fácil de usar y bastante practica
This is a dependable, accurate site. I work for one of the largest airlines and use this app all the time to check various travel info! Love it!
De fácil uso, muy moderna y con excelente diseño. Súper recomendable
My go to travel app. Doesn't get any better.
Excellent application -as good as the desktop version.
Easy to use!
Excelent
This is a great app. Helps you get quotes on the fly quickly.
Great
Excellent app.
Works great for everything but crashes when you try to filter or look at a car rental choice.
Found really good deals and it's super easy to use
well it will be nice if they show me the cheapest flights during that week or month and as it goes on it keeps givin me the price so i dnt hve to click on a specific date. if im going on a trip for a week or couple day then it will show me when it is the cheapest. that will be nice but they dnt hve it ;(
Does a great job with what it is..
Great!!!!!
Great app
I love this app and it works almost everytime. I usually search flights with it but recently have searched rental cars. However, when looking for a rental I use the filter feature to eliminate the class of cars I'm not interested in. When I use the filter feature it crashes!
Found great deal on international flights. :)
I like it. It does the job.
Simple interface but very complex execution.
Simple, quick, best prices, all of my information is on my hand held at all times!!!
I travel so much and this was the ideal app for me!!! I have been to 6 different states in the last month!!!
Beautifully designed, easy to use, brings up great prices. What more do you want?
Works well, but could use extra's like. 
1. Package deals
2. Weekly rates for cars

Besides that, not to bad.
Five Stars
It's my go to travel Ap.
.
Great
Handy to have
Hey this is an amazing app with all the traveling I do having this on my iPhone makes things so much easier :) enjoy
Like very much
A fully functional app for free. Fully loaded with live flight tracking etc
Easy to use.
Amazing to find this depth of search capability in a mobile app, it will take you anywhere in the world you want to go!
Kayak website results are best, this app doesn't seem to bring same results...
Great app. Works wonderfully. The website on ur apple device. 

Also, for a great way to earn free gift cards, download 'App Trailers', use bonus code "aphr0w" ( the '0' is a zero and not an 'o') and get ur points and then redeem ur gift card of choice!!  I just got a $10 iTunes card. This is not a scam
Go-to app for travel.
Niiiice!
Keeps crashing while in the filter mode
Please fix. Using iPhone 4s Verizon. Fan of kayak web version.
Amazing app!!!
Great App !
Like it.
Crashes when trying to filter results
Works as described
It shows the price of flight and hotels
I booked my hotel room in Tahoe in less than 5 minutes when I already arrived at the hotel and didn't like the price they quoted me. This app is awesome.
Love Kayak.  I only wish there was a way to search for cruises on the iPhone app.
I like this for personal & business trips!
Great user interface, speed, reliability. Love using this app for browsing deals and booking travel.
This is THE best app!
This app is the bomb.
Superior. Prices
Nice app
Good resource to check options
Love this app. Easy to use and quickly retrieves your search. Highly recommend it.
Best ap
Great app, I saved a lot of money on tickets
Fantastic!
We were on a road trip..... Had no clue where a reasonable hotel/motel was. We were able to look and book within 15 min.  Called the place to verify - everything worked out perfectly.  Love it.
Couldn't be happier. The first place I go to look for flights or hotels. Unbiased and fast. Thank you!
I use this and highly recommend it to all my friends!!!
I reserve all my travel needs from kayak anywhere I am . It's a great app And FREE !
Fast and cheap like a hooker in Thailand. Good times!
Best app that you will defiantly need when you travel.
Just make an iPad one!!!
Great app of its kind easy to use like the updates
I love it. Super helpful.
This is a great app perfect for looking up prices.
Great, fast app.
This app is very easy to use and provides the exact filters you would need. The best part is that most of the times this site finds the cheapest prices. No ads on the app
Good stuff
No complaints about this app.
Only wish u could sent email flight alerts
I love this app. It can do everything the website can, with great user interface. The flight tracker is the best!
Best prices on the web.
Easy to use AND powerful.
Love it!! Very helpful!!!:) 
Very Efficient works well
Kayak provides an easy interface that allows an even easier way to save money on trips.
Great application for the best travel search engine. Keep up the good work!
I like it!!
I always start with this site. The app makes it even more accessible.
I can't say anything better than that.
Very good app
Cool
This site rock man... Check it out Dude!
Very useful app to have, but sometimes drops out of use when selecting hotels.
Great interface ... Easy to use, efficient, results that work. Thank you.
Awesome app
I love the app and use it often. Question is it appears Kayak or developer is inflating the ratings. Why? Let the app speak for itself.
Can do most of what i can do on the website; great app.
If you can think of it, it's on here. Made everything easier for me and it's perfect. You won't be disappointed
Gets you the best deals without even looking any where else.
It honestly made catching my flight easy, while managing to keep me organized in the process!
Cool
Don't change anything!!!!
This is the best travel app. A must have for frequent travelers
Kayak, for the casual traveler is 'handy' and saves hours of mindless web surfing.  For the savvy traveler, looking for bargains and hidden cities it is best to use the web app I am rating five stars. Best part is the filter  and look at connecting cities. All up a good tool to narrow the fight for cheaper airfares once you get used to small keyboard issues.  Best on iPhone .  Booking ya generally easy and accomplishes the need pretty quickly.   Checking in us a plus as well.   Fir a free app pretty well done!
Wish it included all airlines (such as Jet Blue) but overall it is a very good site.
This app is very helpful!!
Love it
Pick Kayak
This app is really good & very easy to use! It has like every thing that you would need for traveling.(: I really recommend this app!
Sem er líka skemmtilegt.
Very easy to use. I like it better than their full site. Highly recommend it.
Couldve been good, if it didnt crash
Easy to use. Love that it remembers dates of your last search between airfare, hotels,cars etc
Crashes every time I try to filter the car companies
Good
Really like the ease of use.
The best
Brutal! De las mejores aplicaciones de viaje...
perfect software .
Great app!!!
Best app ever!!
I have been using this app for 2 years now and it only gets better!!!
Nice!
Best app ever for best deal
Easy to navigate the best deals
Love it
Easy to use very helpful when traveling.
Quickly find the lowest rates on travel services
Simple to use
This app, like the website, is a relatively unbeatable asset for travelers.
Really nice app!
Great app
Easy to use,nice!
I always love scanning and using this app! It's easy to use :) ...when I'm in a funk I go here to create a dream vacation! ;) lol
Easy to use, functional, intuitive
Increible , es un programa que te ayuda a celeccionar lo mejor para tus viajes , es un auxiliar en todos los sentidos , un super programa , thanks
Me like it
Better then the website
I love this app
Best app for travel ! The currency converter rocks ! Keep up the awesome work Kayak. Thank you.
How about flexible dates and nearby airports?
Quick easy; very helpful and accurate. Definitely recommended.
Quick and easy
Didn't use this to plan trips, but it was hopeful
Very useful. I like how you can still filter stuff
A good, concise look at all your traveling needs.
Would love to see the app in action, but it keeps crashing!
It is very good
Quick way to check prices.
Possibly the best designed app out there.
Fast and convenient!
Works great
Thank u kayak. Saved me $300
GREAT
Good
Clean, logical, awesome app.
Es súper útil!
Fast with everything and it's free!
Infuriating
Fast, reliable, timely results with great finds. I can't live without this tool, as I travel each week around the US and other global hotspots.
Really works!
Constant updates and bug fixes that make sense.   Flexible.  Easy. Quick.
The developers at KAYAK wrote something that is easy to use, runs fast and most importantly *helpful*!
Good
Very useful tool to plan trips within a budget
Kayak mobile is great!!!! It's even better then the website. I recommend this app to ANYONE thinking of reserving a hotel or flight! Fast and efficient!!! Saved tons of money!!!
This is a terrific app+++
The app works
Best search engine; with exception of taking into account discounts for handicapped, military, ot frequent flier credits.
Easy to use and so much easier than individual sites.
Best app for worry free traveling
Very useful
An easy way to search for traveling!
Best travel application period.
Keep Doing Job
Thanks, Kayak! Love it!
Great app.
The best app for travelers!!! Very convenient, easy to use, works fast! Most important, great deals on flights.
I booked a flight to Britain within 5 mins.
Best app I've used to plan a trip
I downloaded the app, 10 minutes later I had a hella cheap hotel room for NYE. Compares all sites that deal with the travel plans you want to make and you pick who you wanna deal with. Thank you.
I love kayak!  I fly for personal use about every month and save tons of money with Kayak!
Super great, good deals!!!
Works great every time
! This where I book all my travel!!
Nice app
Love this app.  Easier than using a computer.
Love it is great for my bussines
Aside from having difficulty with changing the origin location I have found the "Explore" feature to so wonderful. My wife and I get to travel as often as we used to but it allows us to keep our option open and see what is available to try.
This is my absolute favorite app so far and has so many useful features like flight tracker, itinerary organizer, packing list, etc. thx for creating it!
I use this app loads while traveling. Huge, huge fan.
Like it! Easy to use.
Is the best!! Quick and convenient!
I've used a lot of sites and applications for finding flights, hotels and cars and I never fail to come back to kayak. It's a great app with a great interface and consistently finds the best deals
Excellence tool to find everything .
I am amazed with kayak! Wow
Love it! Booked a flight in 5 mins!
很好用
Great app.
Website provides airlines that the app does not. Prices do not reflect best deals found from kayak.com
Very nice design
Love it!  Only thing missing is the search 3 days before and after.
I works great
Good
Easy to navigate and find the best flight to any destination!
Love You Kayak
Quick, easy and accurate
:)
I love to travel and this app makes it so easy.
A+++
Nice app for travel...
Crashes
Great mobile ap...easy to find and book cheaper flights... all on my iPhone!
Great app
Huge time and money saver!
Nearly perfect.
I liked the app, love it.
Some of the features like the filters work better than the web site.
Perfect App... As user friendly as they come. Every one I know that has tried it, makes it their go to travel app.
I think this will be really useful
I like this app very good info!!!!
Excellent. Saved 40 bucks for two day stay at atlanta (compared to Travelocity and Expedia)
Very user friendly app.
Better than some more expensive apps
Very user friendly.
Best app design I've seen
I am so excited I found this app. With two kids on sports teams that travel this app is a MUST for last minute travel.
Very user friendly! I use it all the time to plan my trips!
Nothing comes close
I like this app except for flights because the prices dont show up for me and it only shows southwest. I reinstalled and still the same... Anybody else? Help?
Just great !!!
This is what a travel app should be!
Good
Very easy to use and fast.
Very user frendly interface
The app is very good
Very easy to use and very helpful
Good
It's easy to use and it have a lot of options that other apps don't have.
It save your last search and make it easy if you want to check the air fares everyday.
Love it and works Everytime!
This a good app in design and execution but it falls short because the advertised prices on flight are not the cheapest flights available. In one flexible date search, it returned a price that was $150 more than if you went directly to the airline's website.
Useful and cool
Great app. Makes it so easy to find and book a hotel
Definitely recommended.
Easy to track flight status.
I use Kayak to look up deals for all of my trips.  I love the sliding levers.  The updates are frequent and improve the experience.  Get this app!
I'm want to surprise my gf and was going to look up airline tickets and this is the best easiest app to use
Precise. No distractions. Simple and to the point.
First, last and only place to get the lowest prices for flights, hotels, etc.
Awesome dosent even describe this app!
1. Marry it
2. Elect it President
3. Donate it blood
4. Have it be the god parent to my first born
5. Ask it to be a bridesmaid in my wedding
6. Cook it dinner every night
7. Buy it a drink
8. Share my ice cream with it
9. Give it presents
10. Say bless you everytime it sneezes

In other words, I LOVE THIS APP!!! It has changed my life.
Kayak used to crash when downloading trips for my trip manager, but I reinstalled it and it is working now.
Apply a filter, crash the app.
KAYAK has been the easiest to use, best at deal finding than any other travel APP. No "mystery motels" in the porno district or in another case I got a better discount with with AARP! Who is Número Uno? KAYAK,KAYAK, KAYAK!
If your looking for the fast, easy, best self explained way of travel without being told by someone how to do it step by step then you'll be choosing the absolute right app!!! Think of it this way; your way of travel is all in YOUR HANDS!!!
Very smooth process.  Love this app
Awesome app
Great app!
Nice app
Love the update
Excellent app. Everything you need to travel at fingertips
I love the app. Except I can not log in to my account. I touch on log in icon and I try to type info but no letters appear in the screen and the cursor doesn't move. Please fix this bug.
I love this app I'm able to book flights on the go and the layout of this app is easy to navigate and a really clean professional looking app.
Use this all the time to check flight times and plan trips. Very useful.
Works, period. Flight prices leave much to be desired. 
Expedia finds me cheaper tickets!
Love this app like a a fat kid loves cake!
4stars I'd have to see better deals for 5
Just for checking out prices and destinations, it is well worth it. Being able to book you flight, room, and vehicle, awesome.
Great app I wish it had an option for planning hotel and flights together or other combos but it's all good
You can search for hotels/flights/cars or packages in multiple ways. Very convenient for the travel savvy.
Subject says it all!
Ease of use, options galore, great job
Helps you to find flights and hotels on the go
Would give it 5stars if I could find nonstop first class flight to Japan for under100$
what a great app....easy to use....clean interface..and very useful....
Better than the website.
Great app!
I like it very nice
I love this app! Is really handy when you need this kind of info and you don't have a computer near by! I absolutely recommend it!
Very nice travel tool!
Is good option if u want something faster...
Easy, convenient and helpful app. 
Searching is super easy and the travel list is a good idea. 5/5
Best travel app out there! I use it all the time.
Better off going to supplier sites directly for better deals
I use this app to book all my floghtz
Say no more!
Just what needs to be for Travel app.
Good
So far so good.
I love that you can put nearby airports and flexible dates, not many apps let you do that.
We think that kayak is great.  Easy to navigate
So easy to use and compare on the go. Love this app!!!
Perfect app for planning. Filter and sort are very useful and no other traveling app has this option as in depth. 

Only issue is is keep crashing. Need update if others are having the same problem.
Please fix this. Thx
Nice small app but would love to see full vacations, cruises, and excursions up to date.
Perfect app if you like traveling! Highly recommended.
Great interface and great results
Any app that makes traveling simpler and cheaper I'm all for! No problems as of yet.
Filter and sorting very useful.
Very useful app. I travel quite a bit and I like having airline prices at my disposal.
Does what it's suppose to do. User friendly.
Just simply great!
I love this app as it is very useful and very fast.  I was very surprise how fast it is.  I travel a lot and just discovered the flight status component and am very happy with it.  Thanks!
This is a really good app! Will save you a lot of time if you travel often
I love this APP. I go on it nearly every day. It is current . I like the options offered.
UPDATE: November 8, 2011.................   
3 stars.... please fix the crash problem. When I go to HOTELS, and begin to click on options I get booted off. This has been the case for a few weeks. Otherwise, I DO still like the APP a lot. In fact I booked a flight from here in mid- October.
Great app! Helpful for finding airfare deals and tracking flights. Thanks Kayak!
I live this app and I use it
All the time
Finally... an App that does what it claims with all the bells & whistles.
This app looks nice but it keeps crashing on my ipod touch 2g with ios 4.1 (admittedly outdated...but they don't say it has any restrictions with regard to generations).
Kayak mobile is so easy to use. I actually prefer it over the website.
Simple to use
This app provides the flexibility to easily change flights without restarting the process.
I plug in my hotel search location and dates and the app closes
Excellent app for being free!
Flight tracker is great!
I like saves u time
Does what I expect. Awesome job.
Server error twice this week, cannot view my reservations due to this. Can't understand why you'd allow this to happen again. Lowering my rating to due unreliability.

Currently using this app to book hotels, and so far its so easy to use, and it's very helpful in finding cheap rooms!  The interface is gorgeous and so intuitive.  Love this app!
Easy to use and great deals. Keep it up
Wow, I would maybe give this app a decent rating if it worked!! If I try to use sort or filter the app crashes every time!
easy to use, many options available
This app is very handy and really easy to use.
The app is soso... It works great but I feel it could be simpler. But the real deal is the site. These guys have it nailed!!! Multiple takeoff and landing cities and many other features that allow you to find the best flight for your money!!! When I saw that google was starting to do flights I just thought that I hope there half as good as kayak! But I'll still use kayak of course!!! I asked like 5 friends where they go for flight tickets and they all said kayak for sure!!! You guys are amazing! Because of you I will get to see my gf in Japan more often! Thanks again for something do amazing!!!
👍👍👍👍👍
I love this app!
I love this apps!!!!!! It's do useful and tts very easy to use!!
Great app!
This has been the most reliable app for finding the best overall prices and options.
It's a must to have if you're looking for a get price in travel.
#1 Travel App
I found a good price of my flight.
very useful ,practical and save time and money,and free
Very nice and easy to use
Simply amazing
Makes my life so much easier with work travel.
Great App!.. Sends me alerts of price changes on flights! Awesome!
Kayak is pretty usefu
Best app going!  Free, fast, customizable and thorough!  Beats everything else hands down!
Cool
Haven't bought using the app but it's a great researching tool.
Not an absolute..but gives very good ball park number. Specially to compare deals from direct sites. Must have for travel.
Very helpful app. Time saver!
ALWAYS returns prices 2-3X more expensive than the regular website, which I use and like. What's wrong...and please fix it.
Hands down the best travel site and now app!
Travelers can't do without Kayak. That said, I think earlier versions of this app were easier to use & had more features & functionalities that I liked. Search results for hotels often turn up choices too many miles from the location you asked for; worse those are the ones usually listed first. Be sure to re/sort by distance before booking.
Find the best deals quickly.
Absolutely love this app.  Traveling over 75K miles per year this app has helped me tremendously!
Just awesome! I use it a lot and it gets me all the info I need!
This is an awesome App. It's very clean and really easy to navigate around looking for many things like hotels and flights. Great job. It's a must download app. I give it a big 5 stars.🌟
I use this app way too much. Great layout, easy to use, accurate and awesome. When I'm bored I'll look up random flights and hotels, that's how much I like it haha :)
If u can show live flight timing it will be the g8
Easy to use get it stop thinking about it.
Keeps getting better!
Very useful and easy to use :)
Love the app. Specially the place where they can aggregate the trips.
Love it! Love it! Love it!!!!!
As easy as booking from a computer.
Always great deals! 
Useful for booking last minute hotels!
Wow! As good or better than the full web version. So easy and intuitive.
This app is great and easy to use. It even saves your recent searches which is helpful if your shopping for flights. The only issue i'm having is that it is no longer displaying flights eith jetblue. WHY!
I type the info in and as soon as the prices come up, the app crashes and makes me start over.  And it's an app made for my phone (an iPhone 4).
Love this cool app!
It allows you to filter your search by different factors. It's good showing the best deals, but I have found better deals on the Airline's website.
This app has 4400 reviews but about forty are real people the rest are the developers making fake comments about the program you should be ashamed but I know your not instead of working to improve the app you just waste time making a bad program look better than it is people will just delete it once they install it shame on you shame....!
Yep it's awesome
Great app
Works everytime - no freezing - no crashing. Simple easy buttons, good size. Recommend
Great App!
Awesome
Excellent usability, it's so easy I find myself doing searches for trips I can only dream of.
Genius!! Most functional app I have on my phone. Easy and actually fun to use, and I love the specialized packing lists :) Kayak thought of everything. Don't travel without it!
a+++
Fastest way to the best price!
It's great, easy, and a quick way to find the best rates on flights. You never know when they are going to be at their lowest.
For searching everything
Freaking love this app. It's my go to for travel searches.
Solid, completely useful.
It's very convenience, I love it
Amazing
Easy to use. Get the info u need fast
Cool app!
Best traveling app
Very useful.
The history feature is great wish there was a way to look up cruises as well
Thanks for this porhram
Then you should be.  Best app for finding travel services and for travel management.
Great app
Always great usually the cheapest
great place to shop
i like the packing list
This APP does it all! Love it and use it every time I travel now
I've used the web site for a couple years I find it the best for planning a trip & comparing flight pricing and now it's an application that is quick & easy to use.
Great app! Easy to use on the go!
Very usefully ! Its a must have app , if your a traveller .
By far!
I like it, ez to use
Great access to the best places for trip planning.
Very nice app, i like having a nice a fast app to check up on my airplane flights and price checks.
Works great, use it weekly.
Excellent
Even if it's just for checking prices for a trip far down the road, I love the quick response.
Very slick app, even better than the website.
This is a great app, but, since its last update, it now crashes frequently.
Nice app to see what kind of flights are available out there for future planning.
Great direction and good info easy to use A's well
I have used kayak since I discovered it and the app is just like the site, a great assistant to finding the best flight options and other travel deals!
Used this for a year but with the new update it isn't working at all and crashes every time I try to access my trips. :( please fix bc it is useless right now
Not much than to say bravo have made 2 purchases with no problems and very fast.
I really love this app! It makes traveling so much easier!
Intuitive, quick and helpful
Great time saver!!
Love it
The app runs fast & smoothly and is much easier than going through the full site. Thanks KAYAK!
Love it and it's easy
I travel a lot and this app is must have item for me!
It's a wonderful app. Everything I need for my travels. Doesn't show senior fares so I must go elsewhere to book.
Great for planning trips and extremely accurate. Lots of comparisons to go through to get the best price out there. Thanks
Very easy app and most helpful.
It search thousand of flight to check for cheaper air fares. Thank to Kayan.
I just bought my air fare to Nairobi Kenya at 500 dollar cheaper than what others web search apps offers.
This is a great app. Keep up the good work Kayak.
Great app but please fix issues with iOS 5!
Súper user friendly.
Great for flight searches, tracking, and trip planning.
Very useful app wether you travel a lot or not that often:)
More accurate than "on the fly". Better thAn pricline orbitz and others for flights and rentals
Keeps crashing.  Also, hotel rates are higher than advertised in most cases.
ممتاز
I lov it
I absolutely love it!!!
Nice to have it handy for last minute ideas or even on the spot decisions!
A+
It's the best!
Keeps crashing
Great website and phenomenal app. Easy to use. Easy to book. Gajillions (it's a word) of options. I'm on this app at least twice a day!
Great app! I love it! Easy to find flight pryces
Great app
Cheapest deal
Great app!!
Very helpful and easy to use. Keep up the good work.
All the functionality of the website. Never any problems. A must for any traveler.
App keeps on crashing on my 4s.
Very usefull
Ads aren't too annoying.
Love it.
Glad to have flight info, fast, quick and easy to purchase when needed! Thanks
Love it!
So quick so easy
Great app, no problems, honestly good resource.
I think the kayak app is the best for booking cheap travel. Its easy, it's thorough, and notifications are great!
get it
I love this app you can easily check multiple airlines at once.

Keep up the good work!
good app
Hands down best app for travel
I have been a kayak user for 4 years. Love the app!
B.E.S.T
Does what it's supposed to do
Perfect. No flaws whatsoever. UI operates more smoothly than most other apps. And the fact that it keeps EVERYTHING in one place is fantastic. I plan every trip I take with this app and TripAdvisor. Perfect combo for super-easy travel.
Great. Use all the time. Love it.
Good app and useful nice interface.
This is site/app has been my go to for about a year now. I never bother with the other sites cause this one does it all.
Good
Works wonderfully!
Couldn't think of any improvements. I love it!
Very helpful to save lot of time and money. Great feature is u can also track fares. Love it.
The app seems to have most travel choices in one place. The filter is great
5 stars
100 stars
It's a great app
Great App! I use it all the time.
It is awsome, compare all the travel sites in 2 secs
Super easy to use even for computer-illiterate folk like me!!
Great travel app, the best
Very convenient.
Added more functions and love this app
Good
User friendly and great prices all the time!
If the tracker map would stay "on" with the city identifier it would be better. The map keeps turning blue and I see no instructions.
Nice UI, easy to navigate. Just keeps closing on me if I change the filter parameter when searching for a hotel.
Best travel app available
Greatest search engine app for travel!! Must have App!
Easy to use only wish I had it earlier
Very handy app
Easy to use
Great
Good App. Crashes on Mytrips often.
This app makes price alerts and searching so simple. It's got all of the greatness of the Kayak.com Web site. Highly recommend.
Very needed and informative.
Wish you could Select only all-inclusive
I often am making plans on the go. This is always helpful
Great!
Good app
This is a great app
Like how easy and current it is
Highly functional, efficient, eliminates the need for a computer in booking a trip-
I love that I can set alerts for flights and search easily.
I love this app. I like looking at the hotels! haha. overall great app!
Works perfect!
Love it!
This thing is a life and time saver. I love it!
Try it
I love this app but for some reason it keeps crashing at random times when doing a hotel search. I'm running iOS 5 on an iPhone 4S.
this app is great i use it all the time but it would be nice to have under filter a way to choose an airline alliance so only flights within your alliance will pop up.
I book all my trips on this site and it being on my iPhone just makes it all that much easier to browse and book. Now if only finding a man was as easy :)
Great app
One way ticket to France for under 500? Yes please.
Quick search results, ease of use. I would recommend this app to anyone!
So easy use and search with for flight and more :-)
Great for last minute searches on flights and hotels.
Great App!
Works great. Can't complain.
Thank's kayak 
The app is the best
Great app! Very useful !!!!
I have used this site so many time in the past few years and I just love the sites usability. Great options and a great search engine.
Does the job
Easy to use, no nonsense. Kayak has saved us a lot of money!
The only thing I want to add is whether you can add international flights into your database. That should be awesome.
Only travel app to use
So easy i love it ....
No issues
Kayak is one of my favorite websites and apps I use it for almost everything renting a car, reserving a hotel room, booking a flight it's great, I love it!!!
Always finds the best prices!
I love Kayak!
This is so much easier to use than the website or even the iPad app. For someone like me, who flys a lot, and is always checking prices, this is so useful!
MyTrip crashes every time I log in. Please fix this bug!
Easy to use. Fast
Love the flexibility to search, would be great to incorporate more airlines like virgin America and southwest
Awesome app for the casual traveller as well as a road warrior!  Must have. You will save time and money.  Very easy to use.
Helped me see my girlfriend for the holidays!
Great site, wish there was a pet friendly note on each hotel listing.
Impressed with the ease of navigation and user friendly interface.
Ease of use.
Very fast and useful.  Use it for all of my travel!
Yay!
Intuitive, useful, fast
Very handy to use and lots of useful information.
Pretty good but it is still missing certain options that the full site has!
Very user friendly layout. It is much easier than the Orbitz app to use. Someone really put a lot of thought into this design. Good job!!
Very useful and convenient!
Love it!!
Faster than a pc.  Terrific product. Use it 2 or3 times a week.
Very good app with all hotels in the area covered.
No question. Nothing compared to kayak
Solid app. Usually gets me the cheapest airline tickets I need.
Best app available for trending hindsight airfare.
Great app. I would recommend to anyone
Best travel page out there
Great overall app for travel needs. Would be nice if there was an easier way to differentiate distance when searching specific parts of a location.  I.e hotels near landmarks.
Awesome!
Great app. Easy to use and fast; super helpful to have on the go.
Kayak presents info in a very usable format that can be easily (and quickly) customized. The best!
See above
One of my most used apps. Saves time and money when booking travel.
Love this app and how intuitive it is. Cannot wait for it to work on international flights!
Irreplaceable!!! Best app ever
Extremely helpful
You'll live it.
Very easy to use
Liked it a lot
Nice interface and lots of functionality...
Awsome
Very helpful as I am planning trip to d.c.!
Good app
This app saved our vacation when our train was cancelled. Couldn't have been easier to search flights and make reservations!
Works great!
Works great
best flight finder ever
Nice app with needed function. Wish booking could be better
Title says it
This is by far the eat app to use when planning a trip!!
Great app if u travel all the time
So nice to look here for amazing deals. Love it'
As good as of not better than the original site.
Amazing app. You literally don't need another one, ever.
Seems like a useful app but it constantly crashes on me and closes. They really need to fix it.
Best for travel. Hands down!
.
Kayak simply rocks. Use it. :)
<3
This app is blow away great.  I love the flight price tracker, filtering options and price graphing.  I don't use anything else now to book flights.
I plan to travel to the UK and I love this app. It gives me up to date prices.
I go here first when booking my travel.
I love this app!
This makes myself so much easier when I'm looking for a flight.
Works
My favourite travel app.
Great program. Did all my bookings. Thanks
Simple and right to the point
Excellente!
You need this app.
"BEST TRAVEL APP EVER" HANDS DOWN
I use this app even over my laptop! It's great!! So much better than other travel apps in my opinion.
Extremely convenience
I love this app :)
Very easy to try and compare different flights
User friendly, good layout and good rates.
User friendly, quick and easy and gets me exactly what I want if available
We live in Hawaii but travel stateside at least twice a year and since I got this app I have saved literally thousands while booking flights!! You can look thru and see layover differences and different arrival and departure tines for each location. I tell all of my co-workers about it every time they start planning on flying anywhere!!!
A great time saver and accurate pricing.
The app was great until I updated it. I now have adds and it crashes so many time that I cannot use it anymore.
Works great. Has more and better features compared to other travel apps.
Would recommend this app. Works like a charm
Can't use it because it's crashing over & over again...
Awesome!
Perfect for checking flights!
I've used it to book several trips out of the country and I've never had any problems
Like it.
A blessing to have on the road for quick reference and booking!
It works better then their website!
It's getting deleted.
Found a flight for the price range I s looking for! And it was quick and easy.
Love using it when I need to book flights :)
I use Kayak for travel and tracking flights. The current rev is cumbersome and tedious for flight tracking. I have gone elsewhere until the old ease of use is back
Very useful !
I would recommend this to everyone.
Easy to use
Works
Just downloaded it a few minutes ago and it's crashed three times.
Best app I've gotten. Even more user friendly than their website.
Easy to use. Handy!
This is a must have app for the avid and intermediate traveler alike.
It just works.
Arrived in Las Vegas, and searched on Kayak and found a cheap  but nice resort that  same day. Easy to use and was the best price compared to other search applications...will use it again in the future 
I like it
Love it
This is great App!! Best part is that it's free!
Awesome!
Perfect
Does everything that I need it to do.
Very amazing. Easy to use. Very helpful.
I went ahead and compared prices!
There's cheaper out there!...
Best app
Excellent app, very helpfull!
I love it. Very easy to use.
Good app
This app is quick and very handy!!!
The best travel app!
Very easy to use.
Great site!  Love the alerts.
Much better than sometimes cumbersome travel sites
I got a free trip to Hollywood
Kayak rocks! The iPhone app is by far the best for quickly finding the cheapest airfares.
Love love love this ap!  Big help for quoting rates!!!
Love it!
Best travel app by far!
Excellent app.
Like it better than the website. No nonsense.
Genial app siempre encuentro las mejores ofertas y rapidisimo
Quick and easy
Great app for finding flights quickly and efficiently
Good app!
I think they should make it a lil more like expedia
So far I've been on this for 10 minutes and it crashed three times and takes a long time to load the results. Once it said no results matches my search, then I searched again and it popped it hundreds.
Saved my butt in the MSP airport after missing my flight
I travel for work
It has all I need in one app
Flights, reservations and packing list all on one app
AWESOME
Awesome app!
Love it, easy to use, and very handy, love IT.
I love this app. You just forward your confirmation email to an e-mail address, and it sorts everything out and then keeps all the info you need while traveling in one convenient place, and sends you reminder e-mails when you need them, without making it feel like spam.
One of the good ones
Easy to use...photos...still the single best app./site for travel, in my opinion.
Excellent app I LOVE IT!!
Very easy to use
First app I use for travel of any kind!
My Mother in law recommended this app and I am so glad that I got it! We are planning a trip to Hawaii and I hope this app will help us even more! Totally recommend this! I especially like how it gives you what orbitz or another company's prices on hotels. Vey useful. Get it!
Love the price alert features, which alert you when a fare drops to a certain price point, or gives you a list of the cheapest flights to or from a certain location. Best app for finding last minute cheap flights. Highly recommended.
Tried the app out. Tried booking a room and all I got were error messages. So I went to another hotel, directly booking. I get an email confirmation a day later after the app gave me error messages..

Called Kayak and they refused to refund charges. Said they couldn't because the email was sent. EVEN though it was nearly 24 hours later. 

Such crap. Take your business elsewhere!
This app is horrible. I couldn't find any of my flight information and when I finally did it was the wrong information. That's what I get from a free app. DON'T GET THIS APP!!!!! Big waist of time.
Great app! Easy to use and fast. Wish it would have more options found on the full site. (advanced search options, more options for flexible schedules).
Overall very happy!
Booking a flight now!
It's easy and trustful! Love it
Notifications are awesome, would like to see the flexible fares calendar for the month like the full site has for flying rates.
Happy with app
Easy to use
Nice application, I really like it.
Reliable and verryneasy to use. Good ridens Travelocity!!!!!!!!
Easy to use, convenient, great for comparing prices & getting reviews on hotels. Recommend.
And then it crashes.
Downloaded priceline app, then travelocity.. And a few others.. Then Kayak app.. Wow what a treat.. Deleted all the others. Best by far is Kayak. Super fast. Links work well.. A++++++
Terrible app. Keeps crashing.  Dont get it.
Works to find what I need. No crashes yet. Almost as workable as the full website.
You can find anything you want when it comes to travel I recommended it also help you to expend less money :)
Best airline app I've seen. Better sort and filter options than any website.
... on iPhone 4 4.3.3
Great deals on flights
Great app
Looks good so far. I'm excited about the cheapest fare alerts. I've booked trips through Kayak before and was pleased. A good friend uses it a lot and recommended it.
Great app!
Thanks
Awesome interface! Almost better than using the full site on a computer.
All tiime favoriite..........……
Nice app...easy to use and great prices on airline tickets...
Easy to use and easy to read. No problems so far. I like it better than searching Kayak on my laptop
Love the app, it makes it so easy to plan my trips and book rooms on a whim.
Awesome
Great application, easy to use! I'm going to europe in November and this application has been really helpful.
I love it it got me to a hotel with all the hot maids
Need I say more
Very easy to use. I was able to search and book the cheapest flight I wanted.
So useful when planning a trip or renting a car - have used the app more often than going on the website! Thanks :)
Most of the time, I like this app.  HOWEVER, just now, I compared the app to the full results at Kayak.com, and VOILA !!  The price on the app is $400 higher than on the computer for ONE ticket.  What?   I guess they figure if youre mobile, youre at a disadvantage??    That your time is so valuable, that you'll just pay up !!!  LOL  I dont think so.
Very useful apps.
Very accurate
Awesome!!!!!
Love this app!!
Perfect!
Very easy to use!
I always use this app when booking travel. Quick, easy, and always the cheapest!
Best way to find a cheap ticket wherever you're traveling.
It's a very useful program and every one needs it with him and it gives you very good details hope we will see something new
Love kayak on the computer... But love having access to it when ever I want!
Sweet app!
Really easy to use--a great extension of kayak.com
Really user friendly, great program
Easy to use, fast, good result, convenience.
Love the app very slick
Nice App
:)
كوللللللللللللل
Awesome. Easy, intuitive app. Great prices.
Wooooo
WoooooW
Works great !! No force closes, always fast and accurate !
برنامج ممتاز ومتميز
Tried it n it worked wonderful. Easy to use n fast results
Having Kayak available on my iPod is great. Everything at hand. Thanks for making it available.
Great app! Has been very useful.
Could use numatics a little better and have a good inflection point.
Very Helpful. Continuous alerts of flight
Easy, fast, accurate.
Easy to use great deals
Easy to use and fast results!
No more, no less than what is exactly needed. 
Even if ads were introduced, the stellar quality of this app is worth it. 
Kayak management, please consider rewarding your software team that put together this excellent app.
love it
Good app!!!
Easy and quick!
Best travel app
Using this app for years and always gives me the best options and best prices! Although some small airlines are still missing it is the best tool sofar for looking for flights anywhere!
Love
Easier than anything.
Works well. Easy to use.
Now "features" ads embedded as choices.  Markedly less useful now.
So easy to use and my favorite feature is the awesome flight status updates. They are so on the mark...better than airline attendants!
Just like it's webiste, this is an excellent and useful App to have. In fact it is easier to use than the website. I am looking forward to getting the iPad version when it comes out.

I highly recommend it for anybody that travels, whether occasionally or a lot.
I haven't used all the features of this app yet, but it has an awesome flight tracker build right in. I'm going to be using this for flight lookups in the future, too.

If you're looking for a mobile flight tracker, or want to research flight prices on the go, definitely get this app.
Great app!!  Find anything your looking for
Good app for travel.
Quick and easy. Ads do not bug me.
Very informative and up to date . Always spearhead to this site when we are making travel plans!
Love it.
Nice and useful
Awesome app the only thing is I can't get all the airlines deals like EMIRATES
very nice, plan and simple.
Most convenient and easy app for travel!!! Love you guys
Love it!
So easy to use a caveman can do it.
Love it
!
So nice to have when you don't want to turn on your computer. Convenient to check for flights on I-phone instead - quick and easy.
Excellent flight price search app.
Great idea but no access to saved trips offline.
Have just used to search so far, extremely easy to search and compare fares. Recommend!
What's not to like!
Best way to find the lowest price airfare.
I think Kayak got their app right. I prefer using my iPhone to get flights over my computer.
As good as the next
The best package you find for travel questions (ticket, hotel .etc...) for free
Great app, works, super useful. Latest updates are fantastic. Faster than google and easy to navigate.
Found a room at the W in sd, when orbitz, hotwire both told me it was sold-out !!!!! I love kayak
One of the best tools around.
Helpful, powerful and stable.
Great App
Have used this app with no problems for ages but in the last month it crashes when I try to retrieve "My Trips" ... What happened? When it worked I gave 5 stars, now it's a 2 star until it fixed.
Nice app
Amazing app best app ever
very useful app to have.
Just download it. Very nice. توكل على الله
Works great, use this app all the time.
I have downloaded several travel apps and this one is by far is the best one of all!
Very easy to use!
Great app!!! Everyone must have
Crashes constantly on 3GS.
Simple and straightforward to use. All the info I need for trip planning in one convenient place!
I love this app! It's great to be able to track flight prices! Thank you for removing the Kayak whisper...it was creepy!
It has from flight prices to hotel prices or car rentals and more! Love it!
Amazing!! Love the app!!!
Buen programa
Easy to use
This has become my most used travel app
Lots of options in results for both flight and hotel and super easy to use! But no hotel and flight package options AND the app suddenly closes for no reason and I have to restart the app and search process. Very annoying!
It's very easy to use!!!!!!
Multi tasking doesn't work very well
Why can't I add my own flight information? I add information you give push notification. It's really simple. I don't want to send you an email. I don't need one more cyber paper trail of my activities.  Allow me to put in airline and flight number. You already have the time. C'mon, it's 2011, catch up.
Good
!!!!!!!
Extemely easy to use and really clean interface. LOVE IT!!!!
I love this app!  It's so easy to use and great info.  Better than the website even.
Good app.
This app made it very easy to get a cheap fight and Rental car! And very convenient! I def recommend it...
Very good and easy app
Exelente aplicacion y muy buenos precios. ;)
It's great when I find find an app that delivers on it's expectations
I use the app more than I use the website to research flights!
Got a new job needed tickets to Denver and a car ASAP! Kayak got me there round trip for less than 300and I flew out that night!!!!!
Very great
Really easy to use.
It is all I use. It always solve my problem.
What was up with that update that changed the My Trips??? You've now severely handicapped it!  It used to be so great!  A nice layout, links to maps, info about the hotels and airport... Now it's just crap!  Please revert back to the old My Trips and I'll rerate with 5 stars but in the meantime, i'll switch to Trip It.
So helpful, user friendly to compare rates!
Great app & free
Excellent !!!
Love it
This app is faster and more user-friendly than any other travel booking website that I ever came across. I love love love this app!!!!
So easy:)
This is my most favorite app. I love it!
Great great great !!!!!!!
Very good aplication
Intuitive and easy. Great for multi-city trip planning too.
Keep up the good work
Easy, effective.
Great app. Easy to use.
Awesome!!
If you travel.  A must have!
Its a great app. However, i try to look for flights from san jose to Santa ana, it only show Southwest airline, and doesnt tell me the price also... Plz fix that!
I travel a lot and was wishing for kayak app to be at my disposal to get an idea about tickets. This app just came in time and now I am a regular user. Very interesting UI design by app engineers. Definitely a hit.
Easy to use. Works fast. Love it
The best travel app. On iPhone 4
This app is super! The prices are also very accurate
Title says it all
Flawless.
Tells me what I news to know and very user friendly!
A+
After searching several sites for cross-country airfares, I put Kayak on my iPhone just to see how it compared. Kayak found the cheapest flight, & with min flight changes & layovers, so I booked the ticket on the spot...all from my iphone while relaxing on the lanai. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Handy and easy to use- great features!!
Your app has saved me HOURS on comparison shopping for airfare!
This app is a great tool. It has helped in several ways! I have recommended this app to several friends that travel in my circle because there are so many reasonable priced flights!
Great app! Has a good selection of hotels and is really easy to use. I booked my hotel from the car!
I love to travel and kayak always offer the best deals!! Def. My favorite
This is a great app
Best app
i hve used this app for all my flight and it is good because i traveln alot
My go to app for travel
Consolidated all the sites to find the best prices!
Such am awesome app
SERIOUSLY
It's well designed & intuitive
Pretty good app!
Good enough.
Too bad they can't get southwest's numbers but other than that great
So full featured and intuitive!
Now at my fingertips!
真好用
Same great data and ease of use, but on an app.  Kudos
Convenient, easy to use, full of helpful information! Favorite thing is being able to add trips by simply forwarding my confirmation email. I can even sync all the trips to my google calendar with a few clicks. Great app, highly recommend to anyone!
I took a 30 day motorcycle trip in July. The App always found us savings. We couldn't have had a better trip. We travel on a whim and decide while driving. You don't need to pre-plan with this app.
Handy tool to check all flight options and prices available out there. The mobile version is very fast too
Does it says it can do. I am keeping this one phone for sure.
Clean, intuitive, flexible - I think I like using the app more than the website to check out flight info and receive price alerts.
Very easy to use.
Muito bom e muito preciso!
Unbelievable simple app wonderful I like it
Easy to use, quick, efficient, and is helpful for all areas of travel
Best on the web now better on iPhone
Works great on on angles of traveling! Would recommend to anyone who is  a multi tasker or would like to be more efficient at plaining a trip, or wants peace of mind/ reassurance... To sum it up this app has your back :)
I DO NOT trust any app that requires full access to my contacts.  That has nothing to do with the service and everything to do with invasive data mining on me, my family, and my friends.  I don't appreciate being taken advantage of like that from an app.  What else is Kayak.com stealing from us?  

I deleted this spyware app and I'll just use travel websites like I always used to; the app is not all that convenient anyway.  My advice is to spare yourself and those you care about by doing the same.  Google is soon going to compete in this space, also.  Let's see what that's like.
Very crisp, easy to use and full of details. Just love it. Thanks!
Easy to use, great app
Kayak is so easy to deal with it's great love u kayak
Simple and gets the job done.
If you are going anywhere you should use this app
Easy to use on the go.
Great app! Makes finding flights and hotels a piece of cake
First travel app that I've liked!!!
This is just a wonderful all around app
Easy to use; like it lots!
The most handy app I have
:)
It doesn't let me pick specific times for the flight
Definitely the best application I've ever downloaded. Saved me a lot of $$
Great travel app!! Love the travel alerts!
Easy to use and works just as it should
I've only ever given one other app 5 stars. It's app like this built by teams who believe in quality and serving their user. I especially like the way I can create easy price alerts.
موقع مفيد سهل الاستخدام
Easy to use! Great functionality!
All you need to look up flights
Muy bueno
Works great and easy to use
Perfect
See above
Have got some great travel deals thanks to KAYAK
The best app to get prices quickly from a bunch of airlines.
Really appreciate the information!
The best travel app out there!!!!
Keepa me updated on cheap flights
Well designed app - I like the ease of use
G
Good for getting ticket prices when I'm not near my mac.
This one is just great!!!!
The best and easiest travel App. I like the fact that you get pinged for gate changes and which luggage carousel your bags will be.
I love this app!! It is definitely easy to use to look up on airfares, car rental, hotel, and what not. Definitely worth downloading
Does exactly what u need to plan trips. Love it.
Great  I use this when looking for flights on the road
Kayak is an amazing app for all your travel needs. It even helps you book international flights ! Amazing app !
This my go to app when lookin for a flight. Usually find good deals and I like that the developers are constantly sending out updates for bugs.
Best travel tool ever!!
Great App.
I always find the best deal for rental cars and flights via Kayak.
This app rocks. It beats the airline apps by hundreds of dollars on tickets.
Excellent- saves money
Great app
If you want to know what hotels are in a certain area, then yay- you'll have a lot to choose from, but after that it gets dicey. The prices aren't that great (or even accurate, when you get to the actual booking stage), it lists a lot of B&B's that you have to either call or email for rates (if I wanted to spend time hunting them down I'd have done it before I left town) and some of the descriptions of the nearby attractions aren't close to being accurate. I don't know who writes those, so it may not be fair to penalize Kayak for that, but I don't consider an attraction 2.5 miles away from my hotel to be "walking distance", particularly in the summertime.  The app is easy to use- too bad the info's not more reliable.
Fast and efficient ... Finally a travel app that does what it's supposed to do.
Recently booked my entire trip to Japan using this app. Easy to use, cool design, and same great service as Kayak.com!
On road trips never know when I'll be stopping so when I decide to stop I put in where I am and get hotel listings.
Awesome will always need it!
You can even book the flights here 

Looking for best flights international . 
Sends me daily flights
Use this pretty much daily. Sometimes doesn't load though hence my 4 star rating otherwise it'd be a five.
its amazing
This app has saved me lots of time and money when making travel plans. One of the most useful free apps out there. Love it!
Love this app-- I spend all of my free time searching for flights because it's so easy and quick... Perfectly designed!!
Who wouldn't want to travel at their fingertips!!
Great
One of the coolest app!
Thanks now we love this app after all bug fix..
Perfect!!!
Great app!
Is so dawn good !!!
@..@ Good !!!
I would pay 1.99 for this app
All travel needs in one place!
I Love this app
Classical
Saves my prior searches, let's me choose flex dates, better than Orbitz app
Excellent app easy to use
the best travel app on all platforms
A great app for finding low air fares. I highly recommend.
Great app.
I've switched over to Kayak on my iPhone. No regrets. Everything needed for making easy reservations. Streamlined look to the app instead of clutter helps when needing access to information in a hurry.
The app is professionally put together, responsive, and useful(best of all)
Love this app
.
Very clean and easy to use. Well done, kayak!
I was able to quickly find a hotel when and where I needed to.
This app it really good no need to go to a website
Amazing job well done on this app. Give your Information Architect, design, dev, and PM teams responsible for this a hardy handshake for me. One of the best apps I've used on iOS. Certainly great enough to get this wallflower to sing praise.

I have to admit I'm more of an Expedia fan on the web. Or rather 'was'. I'm a big fan of things that are well designed - this app just turned me into a Kayak'r.
It works
Very good app!
It does it all really well
Awesome saving!!
Great great app! I hate booking trips and this app makes it so easy!
Has all the features and options I need.
This app out does any similar app for accessibility Makes the whole trip easier.
This App is great!!!
So easy to use, and helpful in finding the right deal!
Very,very good
Great app! I had an emergency and had to get a ticket for overseas asap and this app saved the day and saved me a whole lot of $$$
This is an amazing app. If it would cost 5 bucks would still be worth it. Keep up the great work.
Filters work great and the app is easy to use!
You don't have to have all the answers:  you just have to know where to find them. Kayak helps you get answers to your travel questions.
Simple.
Great for booking flights, hotels and anything else. The current version does not find my flight in the tracker (5 star if this is fixed)
Like the price alerts
Simply the best.  The only downside is that I have to use the mobile site (even at my desk) to follow a flight.  Otherwise the flight tracking is better than my own airline's on-line reservation site!!
This is the best travel app I've ever used. Found and booked a hotel in another country in minutes. Also found the absolute best deal for this hotel in a matter of min. Kayak knows what's up for the busy no-nonsense type that wants the best deal.
A little less customizable than the full kayak website, but it has notifications for low fare alerts without the need to register.
Kayak is the best travel site/ap available.
Very nice and handy tool
Great website, great service, even awesomer app!
I could not believe that Kayak was able to find particular round trip for 1300 USD while Delta's web site was giving me 1800 USD for same dates, same origination, same destination!
Hands down best flight tracker software ive seen in an app
cool cool
Great app
THE best in business...
Such good deals and anyone can use it!!
Tremenda herramienta
:)
Great!
Yes
Omg best thing created.... Love it.
Super clean, super fast, super awesome!
Awesome!
Just the app needed for my travel needs!
Very good service blows orbitz and hotwire away
Easy, comparable deals
Fast and very simple to use. Love it.
Love this app.  And it's free.
perfect app
I will keep this short and sweet. If you travel, you need this App! I've book two trips and have save hundreds.
Finally, a travel app that makes sense and you actually can use!
The use of this app is clean and smooth. Excellent high quality photos of each hotel. I am not much of a review reader when it comes to hotels but I found some very helpful feedback. Now I know where not to go for the holidays. Thanks Kayak.
Great app! Could be improved as searched results are lost when trip details are viewed.. But definitely a great tool!
Wow!
It's been 3 days since I began using this app for flight tickets/price checks and I've to say that I find the app better than the website :)
The thing I wanna! Great app
Love it!
Fantastic app. Easy to use, and I have booked 2 trips on it already. Love the tracker for flights.
Best travel deals app for me. App is easier to use than the website itself!
Well its alright with me
Easy to use.... Good deals..
This is a great ap, but if you search a flight for 2 or more passengers, the price you are shown is for 1 passenger. Why don't they total the cost? This is also the case for a hotel stay that is for more than 1 night. If you get a hotel quote for 10 nights, it doesn't quote the total. It only displays the price per night.
Solid.
This is my favorite travel app.
Saves you money and time rather than searching all te other sites
I think kayak.com is the best place to book travel on the web. I was amazed that the app was even easier to use.  Good work kayak!!!
Fantastic
Great!! It's so easy to use. I tell everyone about it.
Love it!
Handy app, fast and easy
This aps is not working for flight tracking. They never update the flight information. Just as an example this weekend the flight was cancelled and this aps still shows time of arrival, basically it gives the wrong information
Very useful.
Quick & easy to use.  When my flight got delayed I was able to tell the gate agent what other flights were available faster than he could!
Simply great !!
Super easy and totally worth it!
Get it, use it!
I love Kayak, and Kayak Mobile brings it to the next level!
Best rates, push notifications, really friendly!!!!
I do a lot of personal travel and this is by far the BEST flight finder I've ever used! The awesome sorting & filtering options and easy-to-use format are features that you don't see anywhere else. I recommend it to everyone I know!
Clean layout and saved search results. Always booking flights on the go with this.
This app is awesome
They appear to have upped the anti
Great easy to use specially for a non tech person like me !
Great app idea ever
Such an easy, user friendly app. Love it!
Awesome! I'm am amazed I can't think of additional features. Exceptionally well thought out.
Was without Internet for 10 days and had to plan/purchase airfare, hotel, and rental car w my iPhone. This app made that process almost as easy as using the kayak.com on my Mac!
Outstanding
I was recommending Kayak to every one.   Now with the latest release, I am starting to use TripIt more.   Why?   The basic item, keeping track of my trips was changed radically.   Now it's difficult to glance at it and grasp info.  It feels like I am reading an email.   

I am hoping tor my trips Kayak will revert back to the better format they had before.  I am also finding out Kayak prices are not always good for flights.   I find Orbitz provides better prices, so just relying on Kayak will literally cost me.  

Kayak just opened the door for Tripit and others.
Love this app!!
I  this app
Very usefull
I can always count on Kayak to save me time searching for the best deal.
I love it
Good
Great app if you like to travel. Flight, hotel, maps all in one.  Nice options. Easy to navigate
I love the push notification
Very easy to use
It finds what you want, regardless of the route you want to fly on. It's pretty neat!!
Kayak is the best travel planning app around.
This has always been my fave flight booking app on my iPhone. Only 2 things I wish they'd add back that I loved from older version was the (1) "Prefer Non-Stop" right on the flight search page and (2) the older home page look that had the icon squares setup to choose your search type etc. Kind of like home page of iPhone where you could rearrange them & scroll left/right between pages. I know that's a few versions back but I can't stop wishing they'd kept those options. Oh well. Still my fave nonetheless. Keep rockin it Kayak :)
This app is incredible!! So many great features!!
All travel in one place
Great!
On par with their site plus free flight status.
One of the better travel apps I have used. I recommend it to everyone who want a clear overview of the travel options.
Everything works perfectly. Thanks.
Very intuitive and fun
Better than a game
This app is so convenient and easy to use. Highly recommend!
Its like the world at your fingertips!!!
Great flight app!
Kayak is my goto site for finding flights.  I can compare flights and hotels, I can even look up baggage fees. I love this app.
Wonderful
easy to use & exactly what I needed
Better than the Orbitz app.
I feel good when I use this app
Wonderful, intuitive app. Airline directory and flight status checker are a great service. I've been a Priceline guy for years, but I'm converted!  Thanks!!
Best travel site and flight tracker.
Nice app
I don't even think about traveling without checking into Kayak, and this app is sweet: fully functional, quick & easy!!
I've tried all the travel apps.  Two stand out.  Expedia and Kayak.

Expedia is good but does't seem to have all the hotels/motels listed.

Kayak not only seems to have a larger database for hotels/motels, it does so much more.  Add to that a map function that leaves the rest in the dust.

The flight functions are great and work better than expected.

All in all, a very great app.  If it wasn't free, it would be worth at least a $9.95 investment.

Definitely a 5 star +.
I love to travel and kayak makes sure I get to do it at the best price without wasting time searching every travel site on the Internet.
This app is great. Super easy to use.
Very useful when you are researching for best rates. Love the alerts!
Amazing app!! Love the packing lists! Very useful! 
Love Kayak!
Kayak is the best travel app I have worked with  You can customize fields for ease of use Track your Flights,  hotel and rental car bookings as well as Third Party reservations
I just wish I could check fligth status with more days in advance
Easy and useful
I love this app. It is easy and basic. Gets the job done while saving me a ton of money and time.
Downloaded this app and booked 3 airline tickets. 

- The search process was so seamless that I can even argue it is much easier to get the job done using this app than using the website from a computer. 

- Gives u many different options when searching for flights like +/- 2 day, nearby airports, time range, price range, etc.

- not only does it do the job, but it looks good in doing so. Buttons are in the right spots, very quick response, nice colors and most importantly- user friendly. 

That's my review from booking flights.  Haven't tried the hotel, car search from this app.
I have no complaints. I love this app and use it whenever I'm flying. Wish SW would come onboard and fearful Airtran will no longer be available with the acquisition. But none of that has to do with the app which is awesome.
The only app we use to book travel!
Although I don't quite understand how and why, I found the ticket in this app in better time and price than in the computer when I ran the two kayak at the same time. I chose to buy that iphone-only ticket and it's fast and easy. Unbelievable app!
Price alerts are a money saver!
Quick prompt search engines.
Just as good as the website
This ap is great. Fast, easy and intuitive - my grandmother could use this
Search widely or narrowly depending on your needs.  Great app!
Works great when on the road
.
Works 100% excellent ! I just downloaded this app and bought a round trip international ticket in 4 minutes! Thanks a lot to the developers!
Simply works!
Great app ; easy to use and very productive . 
Finding hotel this is the best app
And its free!
Use it all the time!
fast n easy n all what u need try it
This site was very easy to use and navigate around. I also like all the reviews that I can look through before I book.
This app is sooooo easy and user friendly.  Why wouldn't you use this?
Great app!
Very good!
Easy to navigate site, that presents travel options in a very accessable format. I wish there were more photos of hotel properties.
Love it!
I like a lot
Easy to use.  Great app!!!
A+ app!
This app has lots of neat features and is very intuitive and user-friendly.
This is a great app. I have used it for a long time now and it's the best for storing all my travel info.
So cool
Just like it's website, is the best travel resource.
So incredibly easy to use! Best travel app!
Real easy to use. Download now! I love it
I like the app better than using the computer.
This is the best traveling app in the appstore
Wonderful
Ok!
The thing i like the most is that i dont have to enter the info everytime i open it up!!..
Easy to navigate
Use this daily
Love this app. It gives you all the details and travel info.
Super convenient. Everthing you could possibly want at your fingertips. Best-designed app I've seen yet.
Flight Tracker was much better.
WOW..This is the absolute best app I have to date!! It is so easy & fast to make any travel planes!! HIGHLY recommended!! A+++++++ :-)
This app makes traveling easy and more enjoyable.
Of all the apps I have downloaded, free or paid, this has been the best by far.
Can't live without it!
Love it!
I love this app.
It works perfect and does exactly what it's supposed to.
Love kayak!
Like the comparisons in kayak
Awesome I was very impressed, at first I was just going to download the app, use it then delete it. But after I realized how detailed and helpful it was! I use it almost every week! Even if I am just curious about rates, or dreaming of vacationing.
Easy and comprehensive
This app has everything built into it. They really seem to have thought of everything!
Excellent app, long time user. Was not happy with the new version update to My Trips. I cannot view my trips without a data/wi-fi connection which is not always possible when traveling internationally and that is the time when I need to see my itinerary the most. Will give 5 stars if this goes back to how it was earlier.
Great app.
Comes in handy
Great app for a great site... But an iPad app is needed!
Easy to use
Great app
Kayak's app provides not only access to its fare comparison sites, but a host of well designed travel apps as well, including a flight tracker and airport guide, making it a one-stop app for travel info.
Always liked this app.
Pretty much like it.
I have always been happy with this Service! Thx
Great App
Love this app
Yep. Works.
Runs smooth.
Great for making plans on the go ; as robust as on the laptop!
Gives me exactly what I want every time! Getting ready to travel!
Cool app, very easy to use.
Great app for finding the cheapest tickets with flexible dates.
I use it all the time to track flight of people I am picking up at the airport.
Its good
Love kayak
I love this app
So easy to use, makes searching and booking flights a breeze!
Easy to use; awesome software!
Would be more than perfect with a trip planner feature :)
Very easy to use app. Amazingly useful and allows me to do everything from my iPhone. Sends alerts when prices go down!
Always my goto search engine for flights. So easy to use!  Nothing compares to it's functionality.
So good
App.  Love the fare tracker!!
Love this app for flight tracker
Got my tickets for $56 less when they notified me with the great price drop! Very easy to use app, feel like like I found a hidden secret to getting a good deal on flights!
This app works.
Only app I use now for travel!
Quick way to find flights. Wish there were more airlines to choose from like Virgin America and all of their partnering airlines.
Best prices on every category!
Great
Best app, best low prices; yet finds the best hotels with the best deals! Just wonderful, my boyfriend and I loves it! So happy!
Great coding and design, easy interface.
Great app for finding what you need
Kayak Rocks!!!
Booked my tickets to Egypt in Dec. and booked my rooms on the fly in Cairo....if you travel, this is a must have!!!!
Very useful and does what it say it does!
It's awesome!
Delivers as promised
Well made
Good prices!!! easy to use, my best way to get cheap tickets!!!
Finally a travel app that makes it easy to book a flight and be alerted on fares!
Great app for all travel
Whether on the website or the app, kayak is an excellent service.
I like it.
Very nice masha Allah
Easy to use on the go.
I haven't used it to it's fullest extent, but I have used the website before and enjoyed it. From what I have seen of the app it works great and is constructed nicely.
I like how it searches EVErYtHiNG at once.
Good
Very useful like the full website!
Saves me time and money.
The best place to buy tickets. Cheap prices!! And i love the app for the iPod
Easier than booking on a full webpage
Execllent application
This app does what it promises! Isn't that refreshing!
I use Kayak when ever I need to find a hotel or flight. Does just what you expect. New features welcome.
This app is amazing. It saves so much time and money.
Very helpful!
Saved us about$250.00 on our last 2 night stay
Indispensable for my business. I am addicted.
Cool app, easy to use, use it a lot!
This is the best iPhone flight lookup app ever!
Love having this app right in my hands when I need it.
This app is better than the main site.  Love it.  Will use it to arrange travel for friends to visit me in Hawaii .
I've used this app for 6 months, and all parts of function well. Highly recommend it.
Love this app and must have for any traveler. The ability to combine your flights hotels and such into an itinerary is pretty awesome. As well as the packing List. Love it. Use it all the time. Never forgotten anything yet since I've used this.
Very easy to use
Great App.  I have been using the website for years
Easy to use and fast
Great on the go but the car rental pricing is not correct
Great on iPhone 4! What happened on the iPad? No full screen or am I doing something wrong?
So far so good! Love checking prices on my phone.
Great
Wow nice n complete ;-)
great way to check prices quickly and while on the go!!!!!
Really helped! :D
Great app! Easier to use than the website?
Very user friendly
Nice interface!
Does what it was made to do.
I like using it.  Very easy to use
Excellent!
Great concept!
Awesome!
The best  travel app ever
Kayak is a great service that is enhanced with this great app!
Very useful
This is the easiest and by far most efficient app out there for anyone who travels!
Kayak's newest interface is great & so easy to use that I prefer this app to "regular" laptop or desktop applications.
I love kayak!
Good interface but a little busy. Overall, the map and search functions are great though.
Works and it works well
This is a great app, but Southwest Airlines' actual website showed me better rate than what Kayak said Southwest Airlines' rate was. In other words, all the other airlines are appear to be accurate, but Southwest prices were quoted higher than actual site.
I've compared, and have switched to kayak for repeatingly finding me the best deal.  And the site is well laid out, easy to use, and fast!
great software.
The best travel app
I like the monthly view of the flight prices. It helps me find cheapest prices easily.
Very easy to use!
Mobile Kayak the best travel tool to have. Easy search for the best deals.
Loaded in the cities and almost immediately received flights almost 50% cheaper than I had found in two months of searching. Most amazing, and very efficient. Highly recommended
To summarize, one of the only apps out there that works BETTER than the full website!
Very easy and quick to find what you are looking for! Will use this app to plan all my trips!
Very useful. Well laud out and designed making it easy to get the information that I want.
It has and does everything but book on Southwest. Nice work.
This app supplies information very quickly...especially when you're in a hurry.
I think this Kayak app is fantastic. This is the only app I use for travel discounts. Thanks.
For the most part this app finds the best prices around but I have found better prices on carrier's websites before. A great addition would be some sort of filter for each leg of a journey so it would be easier to control your route. Overall this app is my "go to" for finding baseline pricing for air travel.
Great app, Great flights and easy navigation.
like it!!
Very good app to have if u like to travel !
Cheapest prices, & beleive me, i searched hi & low for cheap prices.
Great app. Searches multiple sights to ensure best flight fares.
Great app gives up to the minute pricing on the best deals for travel.
This app has everything you want.
It will answer any question you have about traveling.
Love it, can't believe they packed so much power into this app!
Honestly in my opinion the best traveling app period! & it's free...can't beat that. VERY easy to use as well.
Works as advertised
Awsome, quick, useful app
This is a good tool to easily compare prices. I like the how the notifications are set up.
Great  app and very convenient.
Overall, I think is a great app because it gives you all of the same features the online version does. No complaints here!!!
Great app! I use the website all the time and this app gives you all the functionality on the go. Well done!
Easy to use and good user interface. My go-to source for travel.
Great and helpfull app, a must have!
This is a great app!
I love how this site searches multiple sites at one for the cheapest rates.
I always stop in here first when booking now
Way to use, and pretty fast
Awesome hookup!
"Price alerts" doesn't seem to work and that's all I wanted it for.
Good
This app is amazing! It's so much better than the others.
Great UI, great prices!
Prices are way to high got a way better deal by being a moron and doing a quick google.
I like it
Easy to look up cheap flights and hotels. Makes me want to go on vacation more!
Just checked on a rental car at budget. $78 with kayak. Went to budget's website. $38.00 with taxes.
Very easy to use, and the lowest fares of all the other trip clearinghouse sites.
This is an essential, very helpful and makes it easy to get a great deal on travel.  So happy with it!
Couldn't find a better convenient app than this one. Love it
Awesome app but prices are more expensive than on the Reg website
Very convenient and easy to use.  Great app
A+++
I use this app frequently to book business and personal travel.
The best search engine out there!!!
Wow application, very comperhensive
Great app
Such a great app!
Love it!!!
Nice to have it right at my fingertips
Love this app. I can see how handy something like this can be in this age of airport delays, cancellations and severe weather . Good on ya Kayak !
One of the best apps
I love that you can search everything from one app
İt has really helped me
Great app easier then using a computer !!!
Easy to use and always best rates!
Easy to use, quick and accurate. Very productive travel app. Use it all the time.
It found the flight even though I did not know the carrier or number.
Love it love it love it here in Brooklyn ny riverajl
Many thanks.
Good app
good app
Extremely easy to use! I know I saved no less than 500 and I only used it twice! A must get
Great
Easy to use, great for quick prices on trip plans!
Easy to use app on the iPhone and new features like currency conversion is a great addition.
Phenomenal app. Super fast results. Nearly reads my mind. Love it!!
Prices you see from the iPhone kayak app always are more than if you use a computer. So, since kayak is not honest about this, I give kayak a generous 1 star.
.
Nice but a bit messy sometimes
Love this so many prices on hotels
Works great! Love it because you can
do searches when your not at home or at a computer!
Easy, easy, easy!
Nice and useful app. Doesn't update the currency when you change it from settings. Might want to look into that though.
All that you need to plan your business or family travel. Great app!
Great
I use this app all the time for the whole family it's the best
Easy to use, finds best deals. Highly recommended!
Fast, easy to use, well organize tool.
Excellent and consistent results!!! Must have!!
Would recommend.
Works just like website.nfast, easy, comprehensive.
I am glad to use this resource to aid me in flying and saving!
Great ap. Easy to use
This is a great app. It has a broad and powerful search engine. 

The one thing I have found this to be missing is adding the layover limiter feature. You can find the perfect flight at the perfect price, except if the layover is 9 hours. So a layover limiter parameter would be helpful. Integrate this into the push alert feature and you've got a 5-star app.
It just works. Intuitive, easy to use and better than the next guy. It just works!!
Excellent travel app. A must have for any person traveling. Works smooth and fast on my iPhone 4!
Great app, minus the "Kayak" whisper which just gives me the creeps...
Love it. Easy to use.
Works just like online very advanced app
Organizes so I don't have to.
App keeps crashing. Not cool!
I'm gonna start using this app for everything it's great!!
App works exactly like I want it to. No problems and it's easy to use. I like the little packing list that it has. "don't forget your iPhone charger!"
Fabulous ! Easy to use- great deals on the fly.
Works just like I expected
I'm very pleased with this app
Due to the simplicity of it , not to mention all the choices without having to go somewhere else . Thanks a billion.
I've been using this app to set up a trip to Paris for this September. Searching for a flight and booking it was soo super easy. The packing list and currency converter are just the icing on the cake. I would've given it a five-star rating, but I haven't left yet :)
Very impressive. The 'mobilize' itinerary functionality is absolutely fantastic
Wish I could set a minimum layover time.
Love kayak.. I get to track my Boyfriends flight when he comes to visit :-)
Very good app. Every traveller should have
Wonderful App!
App is very useful for business people to plan. nice one
Two thumbs up
Great app! I just booked flights for our family vacation!!
When your in a pinch this app gets you as close to a good price as you can get on your phone without a lot of hassle or waiting.
Just bad...
Easy to use just like the website.
I love the clarity!
A very streamlined app
Helps me keep my traveling for
Work in a manageable state.
Nice use of my hand held!
This is great- easy to use!
Excellent app.
Fast and easy!
Awesome app.
Fácil de usar e apresenta realmente as melhores tarifas.
I hunt and hunt for a great deal on everything, Kayak makes this so easy! We booked a trip to Sand Key (near Clearwater Beach, Fl) and Kayak found us a great deal on a beautiful hotel. I'll use it all the time for our trips.
I love it!!!!
Helps browse and compare prices for whatever you're looking for, quickly.
Works great!!!!
great shortcut!
Simple
Though not identical to the website version but containing sufficient info for a quick view
Work like it's supposed to
This is the best travel app!
I don't like that I can't filter by distance from the selected location and I can't list more than 4 guests when I have a family of 5! I'll just stick with expedia
Really easy to use
Straight forward and very easy to navigate! Almost easier than the website IMHO. Highly recommend you give it a try!
Awesome app for travelers!
Awesome!!
Really like that it shows me everything available and the map where it's at with all the prices around it.
Easy to use
Just as easy to use as the site
Nice and good thanks
App works great. Wonderful site to search for the best deal.
I fly delta and always want purchase a flight on the delta app but I can't this app fills that void
Works very well and have found some great flights with it!
Great app
Definitely a necessary app for those that book flights on the go.
Love it.
Better then the website
Yup
Great app one of the best
Impeccably designed and intuitive in nature. Best travel app by leaps and bounds.
Good
Great app.  I wish they would also add airport maps.  That would make it the ultimate app.
Love it
All you need in one easy to use app
•Kayak is a powerful one-stop-shop app.
•VERY user friendly. Easy to navigate. Quick. 
•Lists the best prices.
•Saves time from having to check other apps or websites. 
Impressive!
Great
So easy to use, I love this app!
2 practical 2 B true
Love the kayak app! It will definitely be used many times for the next trips I have coming up in the next year.
Cheap tickets
Always love this site even better now it's an awesome app
Book, track, research!!!!
Book almost all of my flights with my phone. Seamlessly. Great app!!
Es muy buena aplicación para ver los pasajes de avión gracias Apple
Excellent and very easy to use. I like the search history.
Greate
By far the most useful app on my iP*! Can you make it cook eggs?
It found fares one airline didn't advertise on their own site.
Good app for an aspiring world traveler!
Easy to use.
Use it if you travel at all. Simplifies so many things
I have always used kayak. Now it's just that much easier on my iPhone. Love it!
Always spot on, great tool to book flights and hotels, truly a great peace of mind and easy to navigate...
Real easy to search for the cheapest flight.
Great app - simple navigation and so far the best prices I've seen.
My wife and I use this app whenever we look for any traveling deals. Great app to have
It's ok tells u the price's and gives u a preview of how much the tickets are going to be.
Easy to use, fast, great app
If your planning on traveling then download this app
This app gives you all the info you need without too many frills. Really easy to use and up to the minute info :) thanks!
Like
Great travel resource!
This is the best site for booking flights and hotels!!
It could use better options on the app. It's ok.
Unlike most other travel apps
It was a great source
Great
It's intuitive and simple. The best part is that Kayak reports REAL prices - no super low prices advertised with hidden costs added when you go to make reservations.
Very helpful and easy to use on the go!
Just used this to find a flight.  Was impressed at my flight selecting and filtering abilities.
I like this app because it saves my searches. I could go back and get updated prices on the flights that I searched.
Very useful price comparison tool.
Quick & easy
Very user friendly and saves time!! Great app to have
.
This app will be really useful when I book my next trip to Las Vegas!
Very nice and helpful
Like the app
For travelers this app is so comfortable.
Definitely Dow load this app if you're tintype to book your trip from your phone.
I love the website, but I might love this app even more. A+ for sure!
I love it!
Very user friendly!
Excellent
Excellent app
Awesome.
Really useful app!!!
Works very well at getting you baseline prices. I have used these and bargained with a few carriers for lower prices.
Awesome
Perfect all in one no junk all neccessity
One of the best apps in my phone!
It's great app but it crashes a lot
Like it ALOT.
This app is great. Set up an airfare alert and it will email you great deals.
Great app. Very helpful and easy to use.
If you travel often is very usefull
This a a crisp, clean, easy to use app. They couldn't make it any better!
This app is very easy and helpful !!!
Love how easy it is to use!!!
So freaking amazing.! That's all I have to say. Sorry.!
Great application
Very functional and handy. It won't replace the ability to compare and sort your options the way that you can on a computer, but it's great for giving you an idea of the options and prices to expect for your stay. I like to look at as many options as I can and compare them, but if that's not your style this very handy app will be a great fit for you.
I love this thing it's so convenient and easy to search for flights!
Usable, responsive, great UX
This app is so simple & easy 2 use. Like having my own travel agent in the palm of my hand
Well organized, easy to use, all around great!
This app does EVERYTHING! great site, app is very user friendly. Excellent resource.
Awesome site, occasionally I found the app was hard to use
Smaller version of the pc version with easy navigation. I love it
Love it love it love it
Just great!
❤
I have loved using kayak.com for years online. This function-packed, easy to use app is a traveler's must!
Really nice app
so greet!!!!! I can track my flight even air china
Great app, easy to use and so convenient.
Really Helped
Very easy to use!! Fast access to whatever info I need!!
Very easy to use.
It's a good app if it wouldn't crash all the time
Effortlessly find flights, with endless permutations and possibilities with only your pointer finger! 

Incredible achievement guys! Taking such a complex process and making it so easy!

Again, Truly Amazing.
Good overall but app constantly crashes
I like it so far! Short, sweet and to the point, easy to use.
Easy to use easy interface A+
Love it- quick and easy. Would
Be nice to save.
Easy interface, fast and hassle free
It's really good apps and it gave me the best deals that I'm looking for.
Like that it shops international flights!
Great app for travellers 2.
Tried to book a flight and it doesn't go to hawaii
Easy to use and reliable
This app works great. Very fast and accurate.
Very convenient! Love it.
Perfect for flight travel
Its ok. When i open it either takes to long to load or doesnt bother to load. Crashed while checkibg hotels and takes forever to load prices and pics. Dont know if its cuz its ment for the iphone while i have a 3rd gen ipod but plz fix.
Great app for travel agents!
I love this app! Very helpful and well organized.
Love this app. Great design and Simple. Well done, kayak.
Very easy to use. Nice interface. Well done. Thanks!
Great app. Love the alerts.
Very good, like the interface and navigation.
Works well
This app is a well designed time saver and it's fun to use! Bravo Kayak!
The only one that I love to share
Good !!
Check all flights, sort by your criteria, find times that suit you. There is no downside. The app is a must have.
Hard to believe that anything so good could be free
Useful and saves time
If you travel frequently, then just don't even think about it - get this app!
They are easy convenient and they find the best rates!
great app
This is probably one of the best designed apps I have seen. The UI is very friendly and thought through. Even the packing list is brilliant. Keep up the good work!  You guys really know what people want and what works!
Great app!  Extremely easy to use, quick searches, great features.

  Found my sister a flight for a great price and emailed her the info, all in what seemed like less than a minute...
Love it!!!!
Awesome.
I am using it as a trip planner/organizer more than anything, but I am amazed at how helpful this is! I did do a hotel search with it, but I ended up booking directly through the chain's site by choice. Prices were accurate, though, and VERY helpful.

The currency converter, airport info, airline fees, airline directory and checklists are a great addition. The ability to email your confirmations in is simply amazing and works very well. All of them were recognized (even my Amtrak connection) and automatically added to My Trips with an extremely high degree of accuracy. Even if there are a few errors, you can simply log in to the website quickly and fix them. But that brings me to the reason why I took away a star from a full 5 - you cannot currently edit or delete any of the My Trips entries from the app. I used the in-app contact form to ask, and they confirmed this (within 30 minutes of my asking early on a Saturday, BTW! Wow!). You must do it from the website. If they add this in the future, I will definitely give it a full 5. I might even consider buying the paid version to get rid of the ads! :)
Yep
Harry Lennix
Fantastic app!
So simple to use, plus great info.
This app is better than the actual web site. So easy to use.
Great
!
Every thing I got it from this app. Organize the data in beautiful way.
I travel, on short notice, making plans on-the-move, very frequently.  Kayak is my best resource: laptop or iPhone.  The app never fails.
Best prices were obtained through this app.
!
Good experience in using Kayak
Great for finding the best deals on travel!
Can somebody help me find a way on how to change my iPhone KAYAK page like the one from kayak website (kayak.com)
Everything you need to get your trip going for the right price.
Easy to see all available flights and price options as well as book the actual trip.
Fastest way to check flight status and compare flight options
Works like it should and finds great deals!
Well done. Does what you'd expect it to, every time.
just like the website
This could be by far the best app out there for frequent or casual travelers
This is cool I ever had
Simple quick and convenient
10/10
It just goes to prove that a good app on a fast tablet platform can outperform their pc counterpart.
Love it
Simple, great features.
Kayak has set the standard for ease of use in travel apps. A real pleasure to use compared to other sites
So convenient and easy to use.
The best app for your travel
Very easy to use.  I love it
This app is really great and helpful and is easy to use on the go
Always the lowest prices around
Very useful app for travellers.
works great boiiii
I am an everyday user and I love it
Love the travel checklists and alerts
Love this app!
Greatess of all times
This is the easiest and quickest travel planning ap out there. Love it!
Best travel app in the App Store
Great for anyone who travels to any degree
Simple user interface.

Always stable on my iPod Touch.

Comprehensive. 90% of the time, I've never found a cheaper price on any other site. The other 10% of the time, Kayak's been off by at most a few bucks. No other travel search site comes close, pricing-wise.

I have several hundred apps and this is one of my top 10.
Great and useful app!!
Luv it
A lot time having difficult making phone call.
Great searches. Very fast and user friendly.
Very good application!!
I think this app might actually be better and simpler to navigate than the website. All the flights are laid out on one screen as opposed to the half dozen websites that pop up on your comp screen. Awesome conversion!
Ez to use  ..
I like it!!
Really slick app. Love it!!!!
Best app I only book my tickits with kayak!!
It is the best for any trip around the world. What an enjoyable app!!!!
Good application.
5/5
Check rates and that's it. Won't load site to book.
I like it！
Great app!
Some nice surprises too.
Recommending to all my friends.
Its very helpful and gives me every detail
I fly all over the globe and kayak has been a great tool!
Great app
It gives me all the info I need
Just amazing
If you like finding the best prices for airfare this app is a must have. Love the additional features like the currency converter too!!
The Absolute Best Travel App !!!!
A+
Awesome
Kayak got me some deals not published on the site I clicked through to buy from. The app works well and is quite fast!
Great for tracking flights!
Great app...
I like this app ... It is very easy to use
I love this site! All the information you need at your fingertips!
Very helpful app.  Extremely versatile and easy to use!  A must have for any traveller.
Does exactly what I need it to!
I can't even imagine what people are raving about with this app.  Search results return prices for hotels - but when drilling down on a specific hotel, it gives a significantly higher price than is reflected in the results list for at least 30-40% of the locations. (and, no... I don't mean the slightly higher price that reflects fees/taxes).  Plus it has crashed when viewing maps & pics within the app on my iPad.
Does everything the website does (and doesn't). Good app for quick travel prices and info. Don't know if I'd buy tickets on my phone though
Best app for traveling overseas. Very organized and keeps track of itinerary
Others have a long way to to get better.  Nearly comprehensive app.
Good to compare rates and easy to use.
Very effective
And way easier than going online! 
It saves your searches, is very well organized and easy to figure out! I can even email searches with itineraries. 
The best!!!
Awesome app!!
Big Help
Great functionality no bugs that I see... I just wish it didn't redirect you to the airlines website but other than that it's perfect
Use this with other travel apps to get the best deal
I love this app. It's the best yet!!!!!
It slows and crashes. Unless it is fixes it will be deleted.
Useful
Super app!
The app sounds good, however it crashed upon choosing the first option. Reopened and tried again -- crash. Haven't tried another option yet. Good thing it's free.
I love this app!!
Love it!!! :D
The actual website shows the cheaper flights. The app showed flights that were $100 more. Looks like they're trying to rip the app users off to me.
This a great app if your a person who has to travel half way across the us to see family and friends this is 4 u it's fast and they show great prices I love it
I was able to find a last minute flight so easily and for a great price!
So helpful!!!
:)
I always likes Kayak for booking flights on laptop also.... But application is also very well planned technically.... Useful... And easy to navigate.... Gr8 job!!!
Love the improvements.
Great app, very useful!
if had weekend feature like online.
There is no option for District of Columbia in the "State" field when entering billing information.
Great app!
The program is far more as
accurate than the SYNC I have in my 2010 Lincoln MKT. The voice is 
much more clear than the SYNC voice also.

It is very intuitive as it picks up a wrong turn and gets you back on course where SYNC keeps turning you to get on it's suggested route

Wish I could find a method to make speech louder so I could use In our 1956 Studebaker and 1990 Reatta convertible
I want to snuggle with this app every night with the awesome deals... It never leaves my side!
Very helpful!
Really the gold standard of travel apps.  It's so fast!  If only the airline apps could be this good.
Very easy to use and extremely clear interface that gives you all that you need. Even can book multi city trips in an easy format!
Great app to use on the go especially when you decide to take a trip on a short notice.
This Is a good site because they have some reasonable prices with no strings attach I would have all my friends and family use this site. For travel and hotel and rental cars.
I just do not use anything else for checking rates. I have saved an incredible amount of money. I wish I knew about it a long time ago.
Using it all the time when planning my travel.
Nice interface, fast, useful: what else you need?
Helpful for planning trips and car rentals. This one is a keeper.
If you need to go,  best way to do it
Needs vacation package!
Whenever asked I can plan my trips and give answer as quickly as I have never been able to. Thanks Kayak
As subject.
Kayak has done it again! I love this app
Love it!
Better than the full web site.
I really enjoy kayaks app. It is quick and accurate
Great app. Never a problem when I used it.
For what you get for free this is a great app, let you get prices from three different sites and compare them side by side
A good app. for finding deals. Although it's not tied up with all the airlines.
It is excellent app for travelers
They ruined the flight tracker portion of the app...it maybe because of the ads, but it's WAY TOO SMALL...useless when you cannot read the information or make it larger (map view). Why even include the speed and altitude.
You
It's amazing 
It's great 
It's awesome
It's simple 
And you can activate it jst by using your phone  i love it !!! Those who dnt have it GET IT NOW!! You won't be disappointed.
Great
Decent free app doesn't compare though
Great app
Could be faster
Great app. Cheap deals, use all the time
Keep goin
Luv it!!!
This is an excellent App that has really useful functions in addition to its price search abilities. Highly recommended
Very simple to use, accurate, I like it over the others.
Hats off to iOS developers that made this app.  Simply amazing.
Wish the nytimes ap was this functional.
Would recommend
Excellent app for the cost...
Saved on vacation this year, easy to use and seems accurate
Luv the application - it is so convenient!
Useful
Must d/l
The only travel app you need.
Awesome app.
Great app. Simple to use
This is the best app ever! It has soo many features!!! U gotta give it a try!!!
Cool app
The best app by far
I actually like it better than the Kayak site since it doesn't open up a bunch of windows to search (instead it does it for you and all the results come up in one spot).
Great App
Outstanding App:)
Great app very useful
This app is comprehensive and everything works well. Excellent job, kayak.
Great app!!!!
I use Kayak before calling my travel agent.
Absolutely Love It!!!:)
Great travel app
The only travel app I need 
Best travel app!
Must have!
Love it!!
Love this site
My favorite travel app... PERIOD!
Great user interface!! Easy, reliable, and fast!
App works fine. Couldn't filter flights to show only direct flights but other than that it's good.
Kayak has been a great app for finding the cheapest flights! Off to Florida for a great price thanks to kayak
Muy útil aplicación, ideal para progrmar tu viaje.
It is great, easy fast no problems always use this app for all my trips
Very nice app and functions quickly
A must have apps
Been using for years. But this app takes it to a new level of convenience.
Great help when on the road traveling.
I was really surprised to see how much info was displayed when it came to all things, air travel. Love this.
quick and easy to use!
Love this app. So convenient.
My brother told me about this at the right time! I needed it
No other travel App comes close to the ease and speed of Kayak!
Love it! Keeps track of travel info, get updates,warnings on flight delays, gate changes and baggage claim. Much easier than looking for info in airport.
Never take flight or make a trip without it!
Great app when you
Outstanding ....
Very good and easy to use.
I <3 this app. It's easily the most convenient way to find and book flights, not to mention one of the least expensive. 
It's packed with sweet features like baggage prices for each airline, airport directories, and fare alerts- not to mention a flight tracker that tells you what the baggage claim number will be even before the plane takes off! You can even use this app to find someone with the app if you're lost in the airport. 
Yes, its awesome when AN airline offers fare alerts, but this app searches a BUNCH of airlines for the lowest possible price. 
Aside from all the cool features, this app runs smoothly, doesn't crash or stall, and looks pretty. High five to the Kayak peeps.
Conclusion: 
Totally worth the FREE cost of entry. Probably the only flight travel app you'll need.
رائع
So convenient & easy to use!!
Really good travel app
Wonderful app great for searching great prices
Love it!!!!
Easy to use. Great deals
I hate this pop up "would you like to review" with no option out
This app is flawless. I wish all apps were this thoughtfully made and helpful. Bravo.
This app is very helpful, you can do everything in one place. Beautiful!!
Muy fácil y da la información veraz y oportuna, y las alertas son excelentes.
A must have app
Kayak was amazing very easy to use and helped me out a ton
Does everything I want a travel app to do.
Good
Good
Awesome. I just need to find my incredible deal to Peru for Christmas.
Pretty much the first "go-to" website for travel needs. Would nor know what to do without kayak. Kayak is now a necessity .... Like oxygen and water.
Quick
Amazing
One of the finest apps — for any purpose — in the App Store. Beautiful touches abound: Fading in and out when switching booking sites, importing information from contacts during booking, and on. I wish every iOS app were this thoughtfully designed. Great job, Kayak!
A++
Great app
I like this app!! Completed my trip!!
Great app so far! Easy to use!
Wow, no longer to you have to search around. It even group prices for you so that you are not looking all over for the deal for that trip or hotel
No complains, very straight forward.
Easy to use and great comparison of fare prices
So convenient! Love it!
I love this app so far, the only thing I'm wondering is when you click on the hotel of your choice are the tax included in the final price. But other than that it great.
Simply fantastic. Makes vacation planning a breeze.
The best I love it!!
It is good but there are some off things about it
Lots of valuable information
Love this app
برنامج رائع جدا.  جدا
This app has showed me so many hotels in Michigan that I have wanted to go to. They have everything, from little cheap hotels to fancy hotels to indoor pools rooms with jacusies* and cheap hotels with a living room and bathrooms and big breakfasts and this app can also give you amazing prices for you and your family to enjoy a nice cheap stat somewhere!! so I definitely recommend this app. :) <3
Easy to search with specific options
Lovely app. Love the ability to search for flights with such ease
So far one of the best, easy to use fast clean cut to the point, I would like to see some kind of deals hunter with the next upgrade, it would be really nice
So easy to use and really accurate.
Awesome app..same functionality as website, but bit better!!
البرنامج ممتاز لكن لا يدعم العربية وأنتم تعلمون عن المستخدم العربي وكثرتهم هنا 
ارجوا أن تجعلونا في الحسبان
A travelers MUST have.   Love the BUZZ feature.
Works well
...when you're thousands of miles away from home it's nice to be able to keep track of the price to head back home... 

...where the Heart is!...
Love this app!!  Use it for business & personal travel.
Easy to look up flights but great 
difficulty in actually booking.
App is simply to use I like it!
No garbage, no extra booking fees and all info is straight from the airlines' and hotels own websites! Kayak is the best of the travel apps Hands down!!
Fast fun and easy!
Too bad
Very simple and versatile. Never thought I could do some much important things all in one app.
The ease and grace of the best travel booking site, now mobile!
Detailed app...provides everything you need
برنامج مميز جدا ورائع لا غنى عنه
This makes it so easy!
I love this app Its beatiful
I just love it
Essential tool to have for the translate always on the go.
Very
Great app
This is an awesome application..... I use it all the time.   It rockzzz!!!
Did everything I needed it to do for my trips.
Very nice app i like it
so easy to surf and use. love it!
Since I will be on the road this app made my life so easy in finding deals.
Well done
the kayak app makes it incredibly easy for me to find a place to stay that has the amenities I'm looking for in the price range I'm looking for. I love that you can sort by price. great app!
Excellent app. As good as the web app.
Fggg
Happy with it. Works as good as the website.
Muy BUENO
This app is helpful. Quick searches for flights, hotel etc. No issues like others with crashing.
It is fast and easy to make a reservation for my last trip to Europe.
The fact that this app is free makes it hands down the best travel app in the app store. I even chose to look up flights on my phone now instead of the computer. Must have travel app!
Love this app to search my travel options
Using using Kayak for years - love it!
Great app
Kayak came in with very useful travel tips and also includes complete itinerary facts for all travelers around the world.  It's a very worthy application.
Easy to use. Looks great. Just wish it would find round trip tickets for multicity flights. So it's cheaper if I'm coming back via same city.
This is my go to app for the best travel info.
The best travel service around.
The app codices fly works great especially the price alert. It has been very helpful to keep tabs on the best prices for flights I need.
Essential for everyday travelers! Quick, easy to use and accurate app! Simply perfect!
Quick time is money in pocket
I like the app but it crashes too often when searching for flights on my iPhone 3GS. Very frustrating.  I emailed the folks at kayak but they gave me the run around.   Are there any alternatives ??
Accurate
Always crashes :(
I am not having the crash issues. But I would prefer to track specific flights or airlines. Need an app for Yapta!!!
This app has been very useful in searching for flights & hotels.  Thanks Kayak!
Good App - but sometimes cheaper fares are available via onetravel.com or cheapoair.com
Quick and knowledgeable...and in the palm of my hand!
Keels crashing every single time I try to look for something. Worked great before
Crashes before information loaded.
Was working great at first. Now it crashes every time I use it even after reloading.
So convenient to be able to book flights from anywhere!!
Wheneve you get halfway through a search the app crashes. Happens even after reinstalling the app.
Worked great until yesterday. Now it constantly crashes! Please fix ASAP.
Was a 5 Star, now a 0 star as it is crashing on every attempt to use it. Help!
Despite the occasional crash, this is a helpful and easy to use app.
App keeps shutting down while doing a search!! Please fix..
Not sure yet if I'd pay .. Need to use it a bit more ..
Continually crashes
When trying to search, constantly crashes!!!! Please fix!!!!
Trying to search for flights and it keeps crashing on me. Please fix ASAP and you'll get a better rating!
Worked fine until yesterday. Please fix
This app used to work but now crashes all the time. Please fix it. I love kayak.con!
It's useful when it works but it crashes too much. I uninstalled it as suggested by the developer when I reported the problem but after I reinstalled it, it keeps on crashing booo!
App keeps crashing. I even removed and reinstalled, still the same. It was working fine yesterday. Please fix. Loved this app when it worked.
Won't let you search. Gets to be annoying after awhile.
Love the app but just started crashing all the time and important to me apps like this stay on point! I'm a very mobile person and the fix is a must!!!! PLEASE FIX!
The app was working fine yesterday but just started crashing today on kayak and kayak pro.
Crashes everytime.,,,,
App keeps shutting down when
Attempting flight search...frustrating
The app crashes each time the search results (eg flights/air fares or rental car rates) begin populating the results page.
Keeps crashing every time I try searching a flight.
It crashes right away!!!
Was great for my first search and on every one since then, it crashes during every search. Uninstalled!
Thank you!
Fail. Tryin to load a search and it crashes. Please update
I usually love this app until recently...while searching flights it gets to around 65% and shuts off?! Nooo idea why, removed the app and reinstalled it and it still does it-please fix! Very frustrating!
Not worth downloading. It crashes when searching. Totally worthless.
This is an amazing app, it tells you everything about the airport and flight
Constantly crashes!
Crashes everytime I do a search. annoying!!
Won't let me search. Crashes everytime.
Crashes every time I do a search. Looks like it could be a useful app if it worked...
Brings up all the flights I can search for and it's easy to use.
Fix this crap!
Force closes during flight search.
Crashes all the time. Terrible app.
Excellent
Crashes while searching
Keeps crashing!!! Tried reinstalling twice, still crashing! What's the deal
Gets to 62% for loading fares and then it crashes... Let's get a working update soon - please!!!
Can't look up flights because it keeps closing over and over again
kayak is great but today is the first day it's been buggy. haven't been able to look up flights for the past few hours. update the bugs please! other than that, I love it!
I really wish they would fix the bugs in it. Awesome app. But constantly reopening the app
It would be very helpful to be able to enter a city as a destination and get a list of airport choices, especially those close but in a different city or state. Also, if you use this app several times, say 3-6, without resetting phone, it crashes.
It keeps foreclosing while searching. Uninstalled & reinstalled & still doing it.
Great app It handy to check flights
Works great!!
Used to work   Tried deleting and reinstalling.  Same result   Crash!
This app stinks. Blows up every time i try to do a search.
Very useful and friendly user
Besides the couple times where Southwest was cheaper or it took me off the app, it was great.
Would be great if I didn't have to open it five times to complete ONE search.
The best travel app out there, period!
I love this app!
Very useful
Easy
I like it so far!
This app is great
Reliable, accurate and smart. Love the hotel maps with price tags. Highly recommended.
its great
Super helpful
When I plan a trip, I always use Kayak. Works well.
Love the service and app
Very handy!
How could I have managed for so long with out it!
Great app . Works well
Very good. Wish they had Southwest, though.
Just great!!
No info - just restarts randomly. Highly irritating on the go.
Just as easy as the regular website.
Is easy to use and it has a good design!
Works great! Easy and very fast ! Love it!!!
This app puts almost every travel website to shame. I'm a spur of the moment type of person and I love being able to quickly see how much a trip to see family or friends cost. I wish it was easier to buy tickets in the app but I understand that's an airline thing rather than an app problem. (AIrlines have yet to understand that the easier it is to buy, the more you sell).
Wonderful app
I always find the best deals with Kayak..
Works well. I use it all the time.
I think it's really good and reliable. Useful application.
Works great!
Great!
A very helpful app for travelers, using it constantly as I have to travel around the world a lot
The simplicity and ease of use in the apple app store in incredible.
very convenient! I'm glad it's up so I can find flights asap.
Works well
This app made my family vacation affordable and fun.
I like but you would have to see the movie to understand it.
Very easy to use and helpful
It's ok
I use this app to find hotels when me and my girl randomly decide to take daycations. Very easy to use.
This is a great App for getting the lowest airfare.
Good app that works well. When will it be available for the IPad?
I live the picture that come with this app.!!!
Gr8 app
Love the app, it actually has better filters for search results than the full site online! Now get one especially for iPad!
Love it
It's a great app.. Easy to use.
Great app, a most have, very interactive and intuitive!!!!!!
Easy to use, very powerful. Recommended
Great for people who travel a lot
Very easy to use!!
Really easy and complete.
Good app
Filled this out just because it kept popping up
Nice mobile app to complement better website.
Easy to use and very clear. I did have some trouble linking out to airline sites.
Love it! Love it! Love it!
Great features, simply the best
Love the simplicity and super functionality.
Once you start using this - despite a really great interface - you start to see how bad is. Crashes constantly and the handoff with the sites where you need to purchase is often problematic.
Accurate and fast! Best travel app ever!
Perfect for travelers.
Great app.
The best flight search app I've seen. Better than some of the individual airlines' apps.
Great app, use it all the time. But one thing I don't understand, why limit the currencies? Some major currencies missing - perhaps oversight on Kayak's part? Anyway, love the travel check list! Use it all the time!

Edit: the currency selection in preferences.
A must have!
Love love love
Most amazing app... No need of pc for travel deal....
Great app overall but my trips link to sign up doesnt work
…Annaba
Faster, easier, and more convenient. 
Kayak in general is my go-to travel planner: they use listings across the Internet to help you plan, then you purchase directly through the provider with the cost/options you want. Then add your confirmation code, and continue planning the rest of your trip through Kayak. Probably the most intelligent Travel Organizer ever. 
Extremely handy and FAST
Easier than using online version.
Not the best, but it's okay.
This app is much faster than expected. Use it all the time!
Love kayak! So glad there is an app! Makes my life so much easier when it comes to travel. Beat deals available, period.
Great!
Nice one !!
This is the best one
For people on the go who need an easy way to view flight info, hotel an car rates, this app is awesome!!
Very easy to use!!
it's a very good and useful apps
Easy to use. Very handy when you need fast rates for flights and hotels.
Great app. Thats all.
Best site. Provides all the functionality of web in mobile friendly format!
I love this app!
Great app! Easy to use and functional,
Easy and fun to use.
Seems like a very user-friendly app.  Hope it won't jack up prices during the reservation-making like kayak's website did for me recently.
Really nice and simple app
This app is simple, but you can do a lot with it. In fact, I may prefer its format to that of the website!
With taxes included, it makes it really easy to find the best fare. Plus, the price trends displayed on graphs are super helpful for visual people!
Very easy to use
Ok, at best
Quick and thorough for checking flight prices incessantly
Very helpful
Love this app!
!!!!!!!!
Never imagined prices this gud
I use this app many times a week works great
Kool
So Easy and helpful
Informative and prices are good
If you're traveling a lot you definitively need this App!
Helpful for last minute bookings
Awesome service, found a lot of great deals
Great app!
Kayak has turned into my travel app and site of choice. I actually prefer the IPad experience the best because of the map where you can just see the available low fares from around the world. Makes me want to travel more! 

The interface is intuitive and so easy to use. I definitely still check out other sites for comparison but Kayak has not  disappointed me yet!
Lotsa rave reviews but budget airlines eg airasia seem to be taken out of the queries. I can save thousands by doing my own manual look up search. Very disappointed. Include the budget and small airlines and I will give 5 stars.
Easy to use, good layout, and always up to date
Perfect
I love this app!
I was on a tight budget and needed a flight fast! This app let me pick great deals with many options! And it was fast and very convenient for being on my cell! Thanks a lot for this app! :)
Love it !!!
Wow!  Exactly what good "user first" software is supposed to be like.  I've only used the flights and hotels so far, and they work exactly like you'd expect, plus it's fast, smooth, and fully sort & filterable.  Thanks Kayak.
Awesome tool!
Awesomeness
I enjoy surfing thru this app
GREAT APP! Simple to use, and a real time saver!
Easy to find And chose  what you looking for next flight worldwide
Like it
Great app
It works
Finally someone got this right.   Thanks Kayak!
Saved me a great deal of time.
Awesome. All in one.
This has everything from booking to tracking to itinerary etc. 
I love it.
This application is awesome, you can compare prices with other sites it gives you an option to chose wisely. I highly recommend and invite you to try it,you won't be disappointed.
Love it!!
Great app. Helped a lot when I was planning my trip
It saves the last search automatically and it's super fast!!! Love it!!!
Hr
Helped a lot in my trip to HKG, with a few minor bugs.
The best travel app out there. Flight searching couldn't be better in a phone.
Always the best prices!!!!
Only travel app I use
So far Kayak has been very helpful in my travel planning.  Looking forward further uses and updates.
Awesome
Been checking prices in southbeach weekly to see how the summer is so far.. It has a few different networks it checks for prices...

Overall great app...
I like the application, is pretty handy for people who travel, of course I would like more filters, better filters like if I travel with a child
Price alerts are awesome!!
Numerous times have had Kayak misinform me about flight information. They sent  messages that flight was delayed when it wasn't, thank goodness I didn't believe or would have missed flight. Other times have said on time when it wasn't.
This apps does not load. It just sits on your phone and will try to load over and over and never does anything. Have not gotten any help from developer. 
Do not try to load.
Easiest way to compare prices
Quick and easy way to plan a trip.
Great app worth trying
Very handy mobile version!
Great app! Easy to use
I saw the reviews but didn't realize that it would be this great. So much easier to use than on Safari. Download it you will not be disappointed at all.
Great for travelling specially when you fly a lot.
Very easy to use, but wish you didn't have to jump to another site to purchase.
Very nice. Ability to add trips to calendar? Will give 5 stars when that happens...remove/hide unused features for customization.?
Kayak is my bible when it comes to travel search!!!!!!
Can't believe it's free! Excellent app. Never had any problems with it. Makes traveling so much easier.
If you travel a lot this app is for you trust me
Use it all the time to check flight prices
I travel 100k miles per year on business and this is the best travel app I have seen. Really helped me through a jam in ORD due to weather related flight cancellations. App provides all travel info and flight info in one place plus gate info. One suggestion, add a tab to assist in plane seat choices.
Great app. Very easy to use!!!
Easy to use and very useful. No problems with it
It's super awesome I mean like super awesome
Love this app, makes it alot easier to book anything
This is the best app of this kind ever ! I wish all apps were this good & no crashes ...easy to use too
This is the best travel tool I've ever used.
Very cool App
Useful app!
Excellent app!
Great and useful app
I like this app allot, I only use it rarely however when info it works flawlessly.
No complaints! Perfect app, no crashes :)
Would download again
Thanks to all team members who made this. Keep it up
This app is soo useful and awesome!! If all apps cud be so gud
Simple and easy to use. Highly recommend
Easy to use and handy. Very useful
Easy to use and awesome!
It has a wonderful usability
This app is better an more well thought out than any other travel site application. You can tell they took the time to design something for both the casual and frequent traveler.

Thanks for the app!
Very useful application.
So useful
La herramienta perfecta para organizar tus viajes, todo lo necesario en un solo App, lo recomiendo.
Very useful
Great app for frequent travelers !
It's only flaw is that it crashes sometimes
Nice app
Way better than any travel website I've ever used!
Nice
Few complaints
All in one place. This app is simply amazing.
Easy to use and very much like the website.
This is the #BEST travel app EVER.
1. I get alerts regd which terminal the connecting flight leaves from. 
2. The best alert I received was regd flight cancellation that even the Airline did not bother to send. Thanks to Kayak, I had enough time to call the airline and take a different connection. 

Request: add a parking reminder and there's no need for using any airline app !!!

Kayak rocks !!!
Perfect
Great app.  Easy to use and handy
. . . for finding the cheapest fares!
The devs behind this app are an inspiration to the rest of the UX world. If I could give more stars I would. Bravo!
I like it
I like the app better than using it on my computer
Easy to use. Intuitive.
Great site
Really easy to use and does exactly what it says!!
!
Great app to look up travel on the phone with the same ease as on a computer.
Great app
Very useful love it
Best part is that you can track any flight price on one click.
Like it better even than website though I accidentally keep hitting back button and erasing the filters I specified
Yes!
Very comprehensive and easy to navigate great job!
So easy to use!
Bill
Only app/site I use for travel
It absolutely beats searching through all the other websites to find the best deals.
Good app for flights and other travel
Great app. Thanks Kayak for being you!
Fast, helpful app.
Really helpful
Great for finding travel deals.
My first choice in travel searched
App!
Great app!
For great overview and options.
I love the easy to use interface. Always finds a great selection and it always seems to show a wide range in price. Love it!
This was my first time using it and it just made my stress so much less. I highly recommend this!
Easy app to use... A quick view for all aspects of travel. A Must Have!!!
Great!!!
Best booking app out..immaculate
If you're a serious traveler. You need Kayak
Good app.
Works well!
Found better deals on other apps
Very helpful!
I love this app! Everything in one place. Excellent notifications. Currency converter right there with no searching! It's awesome!!!!!!
Very helpful n user friendly
Works like a charm! Please add the calendar feature soon!
Very easy to use. Nice app
!!
Awesome App
The first place I search!
Awesome app! Easy to use. Filters are great.
Great app! I love that it even tells me projected prices if a refinery problem occurs. Great app!
=)
Very fast!
Works great!
Nice app
Love the app. Very well made. A+
It finds the best prices!
Easy to maneuver...
B
Straightforward and easy to use. Flexible and fast.
Its useful and convenient.
Great aid on visualizing travel options. No match
Great site
Very easy to use and when you find a great deal you can email it to friends easily.
AAAAAA++++
Easy to use and find a great deal!!
Good
Does what I need it to do...
Great app highly recommended!!!!!!
Had the app on my phone and used it quit often. Then tried using kayak on my computer. This app was 100 times easier to navigate through than the website!! Love this app!
I lo ve it
Its great app
Great
Fast, easy, convenient. I love this app!
This is the best app I've tried like this.  Quick and easy and effective.
If you travel, this app is a must have. Does everything and gets you the best price!
Works great
Love the UI!
It is like using PC.
Best travel app on the market. Bar none.
Does as described!
Use it to track international flight status on my 4g touch in real time
I think this app would be great, but it crashes on each use. When you get back in, it doesn't remember your filter.  Very frustrating! I wonder is Kayak Pro works better?
Got a plane ticket from PA to Ca for $153,  this app is awesome!!
It is very useful gor checking flight info for any parts of the world.
I LOVE THIS APP!!!
Super easy to use. Great app!
Even better than the web site.
I want to love this like everyone else does but it crashes EVERY single time!  I'll come back and check it out again when the next update fixes the crashing.
Best
This app is incredible. Easy to use... I even prefer it over the website :) you can book right from the app and manipulate your search with ease. Much recommended.
Best travel app in the app store, bar none. Only thing that comes close is TripIt, but they're complementary.
Easy to use, convenient, functional.. I use this for all my price searching and eventual booking!
Best app you can get!!   It is soo simple it's ridiculous. This app will save you alot of time and money
Works great.
Amazing app and very friendly user interface
Use it almost every day.  Sometime several times per day.
love the features beacon and currency converter, simply a must have on your iphone.
I send all my plane itineraries and hotel bookings to this kayak app and it stores it all for me in a neat way. Now I can keep track of all my travel details and track my flights for free on my phone. It's such a great app, Replaced my tripit app with kayak and never looked back.
Works great!
Solid and easy to use
Love it!
Very helpful and easy to use!!
Excellent! I wish there were something as convenient for my desktop.
Easy to use for searching different flight options.
Very well made interface. Fast and intuitive. Of course there are the deals too!
Yup
I love the price alert for flights.
Save me time and money. Highly recommended for people that spent too much time in the air....
Really works!
But is a good app.
Does everything the browser does
Nice I really like it
This app is the bomb!!!!!! Very helpful
I dont need any other app for traveling. It even has preset packing lists so you dont have to write a list everytime, just check the items.
Yay for kayak :)
Love the features and the ease of use.
Great App! Works great very convenient
Kayak has become my go-to place for travel logistics.  I was a long time member of sidestep.com and very happy to see what it has become!
Saved me $ thousands!!!!
I fly every couple months and use this app to get my plane tickets, car rentals, and hotels. Does the job. I use it with an iPod touch 4g.
Great!
How could I not have used/taken advantage of this app sooner?!
Top of the line for those who want one source for all their travel needs.
Just the best
This app is amazing for the on the go traveler! Try the currency converter as well
Please add hotels PET POLICY!!
Useful
I always check kayak first!
Love to kayak all the time. In fact, its all i do. Wish i had a river that went from my work to my home. I would kayak home evryday. I would keep buyin ne kayaks evry dau to
Best discount flight finder I've ever used.
I get the best deals out of this web site
Love it
I use kayak every time I book a flight!
Very user friendly...great interface with other sites....compare multiple travel sites in seconds on the go...love it!!!
Great app. Helps a lot on the go
it's easy to use and directly to show the price
Para quem viaja, indispensável!!
The great app to book a cheap flight
 in minutes.
Good app. Easy to use. Resourceful.
Awsome
Super easy to use
Sweet and easy to use.
Great app for great site
The app is good but missing list of amenities. App does not provide any info on amenities for the hotels. For example can't tell the difference between pet friendly and not pet friendly hotels, breakfast included or not, and so on....
Great to use.
Great app to have real easy to use
This app is fantastic
Wow easy and thorough.  Saved $200
Very good
It is so nice to be able to get up to date airline information without having to deal with airline websites.
Luv it!!!
Great app for travelers!
Super easy. Keeps track of bookings and reservations. Love it.
Awesome!
:)
Like this more than any other travel app, but it crashes almost every time I use it. However when you start back up your info is still there, which is good.
One of the most user friendly apps I have ever worked with
Very nice! Good deals.
Love it.
Easy to use, truly enjoy the app.
Wish there were no ads.
This is by far the best app for looking to buy air flights. It has many options and the option to use other services like chraptickets.com.
Gets info quickly, does not crash. Good solid app
Very helpful app when your always on the go
Bg goof
Very cool app!!!
I will use this app in preference to the website from now on.
Really helpful..I called the airline and it was the exact price however the number of passengers button doesnt seem to be working right..but overall awesome!
Nice
Love it!
Easy to navigate. I've found it fairly easy to book reservations if you get sent to the main clearinghouses (Expedia, etc.) but a little more cumbersome if you get connected with the hotel directly. :-/
Finds what ur looking for, but links to booking sites is spotty.
Easy to use!
Works great!
Love kayak - best organization of info out there.
Best travel booking website and even better app
Great deals and the alerts work very well! Going to the west indies!
Works good. But missing southwest.
The app is so easy to use. I move fast because I'm loaded with kids and own a company. Time is money for me, so efficiency is a premium features when I choose my mobile tools. Kayak's updates and load times are always stellar. I also downloaded their flight tracker app which has saved me time when flights I'm booked for run late. My fave story...found a 3 day advance purchase roundtrip LAX to Paris for $600. Spent Thanksgiving in Europe. Love it!!
It's really usefull for people who want to find good prices.
Some thing that each traveler has to have !!!
I will buy the 1$ version as soon as they change the ugly logo on it !!!
Love this app.. A must have for people who travel
This app is really excellent .......
Super easy to use and a great travel tool at your fingertips :)
Love it --- so easy to use and great info.
Much easier than getting out at 5 motels and comparing prices.
Works great. It would be nice to have a calendar view to determine what dates are cheapest, but the app is still great as is.
This app is a MUST for all travelers whether you travel one time or 12 times a year.
Saves time and money...enough said!!
Awesome! Works perfectly
Don't waste you time searching 15 different sites like Excite, Travelocity and that "Name your own price" site. Kyak searches them all. This ap is fantastic. Thanks Kyak!
Easy to use
Very efficient..
It is a one stop app. I use it all the time. I wish it had vacation option as well.
Super. Simple and accurate.
Good app loves it
Works just as it should.
Very good
I've only used the app a fee times, but it's great.
Like the app - search worked great, but wasn't able to book through the app - it froze on final submission of info. Luckily, was close to the hotel and booked directly.
This is by far the easiest travel app to use.
Super fast and convenient. The app makes it easy to switch from RT to multi-city trips. It also remembers your last search and includes great filters so you see only the results you need. 

I now use this as a first stop for all flight searches. Super handy. (Haven't yet tried for options other than flights, e.g., hotels, cars, etc.)
Fast and convenient
Functionality, UI, responsiveness are all perfect. Really well done, highly-useful app. The details are amazing.
This App really rocks! I don't write many reviews, but needed to be sincere to let you newcomers know that this is definitely not a waste of Space. Get it and love it!!!
Very practical easy to use fast
All the functionality of the website in a fast app on your phone!
I prefer Kayak to all other travel sites and applications.
Couldn't be any better!!
I usually don't bother writing a review. I find most people uptight,pretentious, or idiots that do. But I have to say this is the best free travel/flight app out there. For all that travel or just like finding great deals on flights download this app.
Love it !!!
This app is simply amazing. Perfect for arranging trips. Better tan Expedia..
This app is great to have for at the very least to get ideas on where to go. If planing a vaca a must have.
It appears to be a good app, but every time I try to sign up, the app crashes!
Great app makes life easy being stationed in Germany and have family in the states
I can't believe I barely downloaded this app, and 10min later I have the cheapest flight tickets I've ever gotten since I started traveling to NY for the fu** of it. This is the best APP evaaar! If I could rate it 100 stars I would! Thanks Kayak you guys rock!!
If you travel, this will be your best friend
Easy to use App, same as the great website where I found an $860 including taxes round trip from Miami to Cairo
Works great. You can find flights and figure out plans when flights get canceled or delayed.
Best
If you travel, this is must have.  Great program
This app is really a life saver,
I find that now that I have it,I don't know what I would do without it !
Great !
Very easy to use. Helpful comparisons. Nice layout. 4/5 stars
Simply the best
I like the Kayak app better than the real website.  Great job guys!
very nice program and easy to use
Very useful and easy to use
Does everything as well or better than regular website. Snappy performance.
Great app.
So user friendly! One of the only flight search apps that let's you search multi-city flights. Very accurate and so helpful to find the cheapest flights!
I love this apps, got all the info. I needed. Thanks.
I love it
Great app for a person who travels a lot!
Great app! Clean design, easy to use! One of the best app out there if it's kind!
Very useful for the on the go traveler
Easy to use and great info.
In desgn and features
Great
Awesome App!!!
The most comprehensive app of it's type! from planning to purchase for travel tickets, lodging, restaurants and more. GREAT app. I'd give it 10 stars if I could.
I travel often; about four or five times a year, and I love this app! It really helps with booking and finding flights on the go! My only suggestion is to take into account unaccompanied minors occasionally need to pay extra fees, so it would be nice to show how much that would cost for each individual airline. Otherwise, great app!
Seriously, everything you could possibly need for traveling.
Love this app.
User friendly for the international road warrior like me.
Nice
Would be great if it actually completed an action without crashing
Been using for all my trips for about six months and had not problems with finding lowest price flights that hold up when you book your flight
Very good ux and service is good but could be made a little faster.
This app is awesome it's fast and easy to use so easy even a cave man can use it... Lol sorry for my lame joke... But seriously this is a easy and helpful app to find the inexpensive vacation package deal... Def recommend
Great idea
Def worth the download! Easy and Quick to use.
useful app if u like traveling, vacationing or just getting away like me! :)
Awesome App! Very helpful.
Good
Makes planning for travel needs much more bearable.
Loooooooooove this site! So helpful & very resourceful!!! I always find the absolute best deals, make sure to check all search engines!
I've been searching for a cheap flight to my girlfriend's country and it's a good search tool. Nothing out of the usual and no incredible deals yet, but probably out of kayak's hands. Mostly I just wanted to write my first review as a new iPhone owner. I wonder where you, yes YOU are reading this from right now. What a world - don't take a moment for granted and good luck with tomorrow's goals.
Really user friendly.... Great app!
Easy to use, convenient, can't best this app with a stick!
Love it and recommend it. Best deal finder. Why haven't you downloaded it yet?
It really is the best travel app around. Period. Although it would be nice if
You could search Amtrak on here.
freaking awesome.  best deal on flights.
I used this to check my friend's flight status & loved the ease of inputting the info, then being able to track his flights all day!
A winner in travel reservations!
Gave me what I needed. I would recommend this app.
Very helpful in all your travel needs. Like a little travel agent in my pocket!
Seems to be easier to use and has much lower fares then the other booking sites
A little crachy! But great overall!!
It works just as well as the online site!
This is a great an accurate app!
Excelent, easy, fast
As title
Best travel app!!!!!
Love this app, especially the emails that let you know when the price has been reduced.
The app has all the functions of Kayak's website. Great app
Hands down my favorite travel app. It is powerful and yet simple, with innovative features that wowed me and made me think, "Why didn't any of the other apps think of that?" Other apps (and websites!) should have to study this app.
Exellent toll , save time and money
Just love this app!!
Sooo useful for plan trips
I've been using Kayak for a long time and now this iPhone app makes travel planning just painless.
This one app just replaced three other apps on my phone. Gate and terminal information is available. Kayak also offers a service to registered users that allows you to see all you travel itineraries inside this app. Great job to the architects at Kayak.com!
So easy to use!  Better interface than discount travel websites!
Great app
I used this app to find a last minute room in New Orleans. Not only did I get a extensive listing of hotels and price, it did it in an incredibly short time! This app is great!
Just the best service ever
Everything n one app
Just like the website, easy to use and fast!
Great app. Very easy to use
Fast and accurate, excellent app. !
It's great!
The best app to do airfare searches with. Quick and accurate.
Great app.
The application is well designed and easy to use.
!
5 stars!
Awesome app advise it to everyone. Plenty of photos and prices, nice.
Better than everything
Pictures are great! Reviews are very helpful! Best travel app I've found so far
Just finished a multi-city car trip, with hotel stays in multiple locations.  Kayak helped with reservations, and the ease of adding the itinerary just by forwarding confirmation emails is awesome.  Had used the flight tracker earlier, which was spot on for flights at CVG.  Definitely upgrading!
I live this app! So glad there is finally an easy, quick Way to search and book flights. I'll do all of my flight shopping with Kayak from now on.
Easy to use and very helpful.
Highly recommend!
Grea!
Great app.
Awesome app
Great app for travel on the go. Absolutely the best.
The shiznit
Really great, but I wish they included the "explore" function that they feature on the website.
Great
This is an amazing app if you travel anywhere by plane.
They are fantastic!!!
Love it...very easy to use ... And the my trips feature is great!!
Very efficient..!!
Great user interface and content. They got this one just right
Really this best app like this! I love this thing. It has lots of useful features...
Great App & easy to get around.
This app eliminated trolling multiple website and still delivered lower rates than if I had went directly to the vendor!
This app is great. I especially love the itinerary organizer. Even if you don't book through Kayak, you can forward your confirmations and have them all in one place!
Love it....Tons of Features
U have to try it
Has every feature you could ask for!
Love being able to keep tabs on fares, and deals. Love it!
Is really good for airline tickets I love it
.. on iPhone, iPad, and online :)
Em
This is great
My "go-to" app for all travel needs!
Nice to search stuff about vacations when I'm stuck in meetings!
Used it time to time to compare flights.
Love this app, so easy to use!!
Love it  , i. Dont need to bother anymore about best deals and it gives u the trend in price in each month
Kayak is awesome & so is it's app! Thanks for making a great website & app for travel lovers.
I used the have the old version on my droid but this new version is amazing. Definitively a must have when booking anything. 

Ipr
I use kayak all the time
It does just what I want it to when searching for flights! I love it!
Very functional. Love the filter and sort options on hotels. Thumbs up for the fare tracker.
Easy to use, I like being able to email the trips I find to my friends or family.
Easy to use. Great prices. Lots of choices.
Easy to use, very handy
Fun app to use
Just like website. Easy. Efficient
It's so easy and intuitive. A must have!
This app is very useful & impressive
I like it not bad at all
Very good and reliable app!
Get it
Very handy app. It does everything it promise!!!
This app really works and it a wise decision to download if your planning on traveling.
Great app. Will be very useful
Good good, especially for those who need to book on the go.
Awesome
I do not book without kayaking
It simply works
Great I use it all the time
Great app easy to use
Not only does this app give you airfare alerts, but it is a good travel resource for things like packing lists, flight tracker, and more.
It's a good app to look up travel info, when it doesn't crash every 5 minutes!
The HD version is even mo betta! This is a must have for any business traveler.
Really great app! Like how it compares with other sites and also the map option is very helpful!!! A+
This app has nullified my need to go back and forth with the Kayak/SideStep computer browser interface! Very impressive!
The Kayak App is easy to use and it's the perfect app for on the go travelers!!!
It is better than all the other comparison sites. It is quick and easy.
Brilliant app
This app is so gr8
Great hotel and travel price comparisons. Packing lists are cheesy and incomplete but who gets an app like this for packing tips anyway
Really good and seems to have the best prices around and the site is fast!!
Perfect
My fav travel app.
Nice way to compare prices
Liked it especially package list
Great app, very easy to use.
Very user friendly.
1 of the best!
This app is great! Very complete with all the info
Very useful
One feature I appreciate in this app is the map feature when finding hotels. You can look for hotels based on their price AND location simultaneously. That's pretty great. Flights are easy to find as well. The app works great , nice and smooth. I haven't used it over cellular data yet so I'm not sure how it quickly it finds information. I've been on the website a few months ago but this app may be a viable replacement. However I haven't booked with Kayak yet so I'm not sure how booking hotels and flight is like. 5 stars for the ease of use of the app.
Really user friendly!! And Free!
This app not only give me the best rates for fights, hotels, rentals and more at the dates and times I want.  It also lets me know what are the best dates and times to travel to get the best rates.

As a amazing treat it also has a great real tracking of flights of friends or family that I have to pickup at airports.
Really
Love it!
I Use this Kayak app religiously to create my travel especially the price alert 3 months ahead...
Very handy and saves time
Wonderful app, no need to have expedia or priceline app. Kayak gives you everything.
Very usefull
If u used to use sidestep before it became kayak then you will love this app. Retains most all the pc features and reliable.
Has a list of amenities available at the airport but no maps as far as I can see. Other than that, great app!!! SO EASY TO USE!!!
Nice to have when I travel.
A- 1

Runs well. Easy to read. More features than most.
Works great just need to have iPad 2 compatible
 version
I love this app, where else can you search one, and done!
I love the fact that I can check out fares conveniently on my phone any time.
I find better deals using the app than searching on the computer 
This is a great app! I absolutely love!
Love it gives me amazin prices !!
Best prices
Excellent online, excellent on the iPhone.
Great app!
Is the best traveling app
Best prices on flights and you can see available seats!
N
Great.
Very easy to use--almost better than the full version online!
Good application, need some work done on the airline collaboration.
Definitely a must when looking for deals.
Great app easy to use
Much easier to search and book flights with this app. Airline specific apps do not do search well
Found great deals quickly, although the form to fill in info when purchasing is a little tricky to navigate. Larger font & optimization on those screens would make it ideal!
Its a great app and seems to be as helpful as the real page. However, I wish that there was an option to put together whole vacation packages
Good, quick app!
Very nice
Best apps
Love kayak
Excellent!!!!!
Seems to do the same thing as the paid version. No annoying ads. Fast searches, lots of places to choose from. I wish there was a way to look at different room upgrades within the same hotel! But so far it's the best I've found.
Yes!
Fast searches
Good ap.
Good for people who travel a lot. Finds great deals.
I love this app.
Not a bad app!!!
Easy to use with a lot of features/options. Best interface I've seen. Quick response time.
Good app
Good
Awesome....very useful!
Very simple to use.  Will use it again. One of my favorite things!!!
Works great like website.
Best interface I've seen for searching multiple airlines for good fares. But buying the tickets is easier on computer. 3.6 stars.
I have been using kayak app for airline,
Hotel and car rental needs for the last 5 months and find it extremely helpful in finding great deal
great app. easy to use. best part, it's free!
Thanks
This is the only app you need for all of your traveling plans!
I'm impressed with what these guys do and now these apps they have built. I use Kayak almost exclusively now thru this app.
I like using this app more then any others to search for hotels cause it gives you a more detailed find.
Good app
There's better, there's worse. Nothing really stood out as different.
I found better rates on Orbitz.
I love kayak I downloaded it when I was traveling from baton rouge to san Diego and it was perfect I give it 10 million stars. Thank you kayak!
I love this app. As a blind user I contacted the developer because of a small problem. I received a quick response and app was fixed.
Sweet
Great app
Works perfect, user friendly and quick with great options mimicking the pc version.
This is a very very good app for people that like to travel and such.
Fast, reliable, and great prices
Great work on such a useful app.
Thank you kayak.
It's easy to use and convenient. No complaints here.
Makes looking for decent prices so easy thanks..
Smooth flow, great deals!
Planning a round the world trip... This will be very handy!
Accurate and fast. And updated with recent flight schedule
Nice to have this portable! Love it!
Best travel app ever :) love the my trips function. All my travel details in one place.
Quick and thorough results.
Great app..
Thanks.
Hi, I am George Garnett owner of mcvrn.com a Mayan Riviera Portal. We deal with the travel industry extensively. KAYAK is extremely convenient and easy to use. I highly recommend this special app.
Great travel app!
And easy!
So much faster and more simple.
It's efficient!
Especially when flight gets cancelled when your at the airport and you have to find another flight.
The app is totally helpful. I found my flight and room for my Montreal trip.
Love it! Easy to use!!!!!
Like it a lot.
Very convenient!!!!
Do not reset filters.
Only con is that you can't search hotels using your current location. Lame.
I use kayak for most of my travel needs
It's making life of  much easier.
Works fast and finds good deals
Easy to use and simplifies planning a trip! Makes your search seem simple.
Nice software
Works as described.
Easy to use and flexible date searching is awesome.
Great app that does the searches for you and wont spam ur phone or Internet ....use it for all my vacation planning
Exactly what I was looking for! thanks for a great app
A travel agent at your fingertips
I just got this app for my near future trip to my homeland!!! This works like a magic, I am so pleased with all the features of the app!!!! Useful? Heck yeah!!!
Need a better option to book. Good display
Love it, super convenient. Searches all sites.
I used to have three travel apps now all I need is kayak
works good, i have purchased cheaper tickets because of this app.
This ap is sweet!
Great combo of Sidestep and new features!
LOVE LOVE my kayak app! Cant travel without it!! You shldnt either...

Thanks Kayak!!
The best internet travel bot gets even better in its app avatar. If you want to make travel plans, look no further.
The app is awesome! Very easy to use and one of the best user friendly apps out there!
Works fast, great and convenient.
AWESOME! Good prices, easy to use, user friendly, just great. And FREE.
Smart and easy to use!
If you want reliable, fast and top quality info on flights, fares and other rates - download and use Kayak app - you will love it and use it
A+
Great app for fast and easy ticket prices.
Amazing and handy!!
One of the best
A++ love it!!
The best!!!
Works better than the site!
Great App easy to use! Well organized!
Thanks for making travel easy!
Great! Great! Great!!!
I love this app, just wish that it would give the actual total, not by night for hotels. Ex: 8/12-8/14 the total amount for 2 nights not just per night. I love how easy everything was to plan!!! Vegas and Denver here I come!!
Love the notifications!
Loved the website, loving the app more!
This app does what it says it will do and well. Smooth interface, good clear graphics and speed, and it has become my go to for checking rates and options.
Everything worked better than expected. Way easy to send a copy of e-mail flight confirmation and them be hood to go. I was surprised to not only receive check in reminders, but up to the minute flight updates about as fast as they happened. Nice to know what gate to go to and be informed of any changes or delays. Much better than the airline's app.
Not bad
Finding all the travel needs in one go !!!
Really thorough
Couldn't ask for a better app
Nothing bad to say, everything in one place.
Simply Brilliant!
Awesome use for everything
Love it
This app is excellent, except that some airlines are suspiciously absent from search results, such as JetBlue, and it  crashes pretty frequently. I expect that a bug name app like this would return fares for ALL airlines and be rock solid stable. Apparently my expectations are outlandishly high after several updates.
Great!!!!!
Really helpful for all my trips :)
It works most of the time...pretty well too
Have almost everything I need. Good job!
So easy and convenient to use.
Sweet
Great
Gerar app !!!
Great way to compare and narrow options down.
Love it
I like it
Awesome app!
It's time companies take note that iPhone users do notice when they put time into their apps. This is an awesome app way easier than using kayak.com in safari. Well done Kayak.
I love Kayak.com and am pleased that the app works as smoothly as the website.
Just what I needed and perfect for keeping on top of all my travel!
Very easy to use, in some aspects even better than the website.
Very useful for airline-ticket's price and availability checking. I wish you could book (purchase) airline tickets right from the app's result - because you have to enter same info again on your computer inorder to confirm/book. And sometimes, those low fares which you find on this app... are far gone or doesn't exist anymore :(
Great!
Very useful app
Great app!
Best airline search I've seen
Works well
Very helpful searching for good deal related to travel.
Easy to use, and very useful for for travel.
very good!!!
I can find so many uses for this app. I have used this to plan many travels. I would recommend to anyone who travels.
Good and nice to have way to go thanks
Great App for viewing flight information.
I loved how this app made it so easy to find low priced tickets by giving me updates each day!
Very easy to use, nice interface, and has all the same deal finding power of the online site.  For a free app, you can't beat it!
Amazing! Very easy to use.
Great app!
Thanks to the designers for a great app with an excellent design. If I could give ten 5-star ratings, I would! The only drawback is the quality of flight status data (it would also be nice if airport codes were displayed)
There were complications with my flight and I almost had to stay at the airport overnight with no guarantee I would get a flight the next morning but I used the app to find another flight at a cheaper flight and earlier time.
I love the simple interface. The price alert is also great. The best deal always pops up at the earliest time.
Great app!
Just the BEST!!
好用
The ability to book, search, and setup a low fare alert in one app is crazy! This is the first app that I have found that allows you to do that. Not even the major airlines and their apps allows you to do that. Not even just to simply book a flight! :( just view already purchase flight and there changes. Kayak really out did themselves on this app. I love it!
Always loved their website and the app is amazing too!
Extra, formidable et pratique
Good show. Great job.
I am a long time user of Kayak, and now that I've made the switch to the iPhone I couldn't be happier that there's a Kayak app that lets me search for flights and keep track of all my upcoming trips. It's super convenient!!
This app has help me in so many ways! It's kept me updated with flight info AND searches the web for the lowest and convenient pricing/departures. This app is a must have for any traveler!
My favorite app. Even if I can't go it's so much fun to look at and check.
Can't live without this app!
Very helpful! I use daily to check rates and book flights. I use this over any other travel application because of how easy it is to use and the cheap airfare is.
Super helpful!!!
Simply put--great app! Have used frequently and it has never let me down!
I love how easy it is to see all flight options and the customizable timelines.
I can't believe the deals you get on here. Great job
This is the best app so far, I hv tried expedia travelocity and others and no site was so easy to use and had everything that was needed
I like it
Very tightly designed user interaction.
Great app for checking lowest fares on the go!
says it all.
Best in class!
Love how easy it is to see and filter all my air travel options.
Better than the computer version.
Great clearinghouse for vacation planning!
Love the fact that i can get info as soon as planned!!
Absolute must have for anyone who have little time on the web!!!
This gave lots of insight of travel! I love this app!
This app is great. It is the only place I go to find flights and places to stay.
Nice
Fast and easy to use.
finally finding flights isnt' a pain!
Good app
Great APP! Works overseas too
Awesome app.  Easy fast and useful.
One of the most easiest travel apps in existence. A breeze to use.
I love it! I have bought more than 4 airline tickets in the past 6 months thru here. Is easy and they actually get u the cheapest deals. I just love it!
Perfect for every thing I need.
I found the cheapest flights I could find on the Internet from this app. The interface is great, and NO POP-UPS!

Awesome.
I have found many great prices on flights with this app. Very helpful!
The app gets five stars, but I do wish the sites it linked to had a better mobile experience.
Easy to use and effective.
Very easy to use, nice and clear screen. Great addition
Great app cheap fares. Thanks.
Awesome app made by graphic designers
Súper nice
Love it!
This app has more to offer than any other travel app out there. Features are extremely easy to use and very fast. I find myself playing with all the extra features and looking at the up to date info on airline fees even if I have no trip planned. Great app!
Very high quality app
Helps me get to my flight on time and view any unexpected changes!! Best app of its kind*****
Great app. Easy to use. Everything u need to book a vacation in one app
It does what it says, and it does it well.
Love this version. Really comprehensible and helpful. Thanks for such a great program!
.
Round some search engines that I didn't even know they existed.
This, along with Southwests App, are essential for my 50+ annual flights.  I have been using Kayak for years and this app makes it even easier!
Great app. Love the streamlining of information.
A really high quality app. Helped plan my trip to Chicago with it. Very happy!
Tried booking twice. It went through ok, but the hotels never received any info from Kayak. I'll never use this app again.
The best travel app ever!
I've used the kayak site for a while to book flights and loved my experience with it. I book several flights a month and it's nice to have a simple app to help me out on the go. Kayak's app is as good as it gets for me.
Better than the website for sure
It's very convenience!I love it.
App has every thing related to travel which are of very helpful like flight deal, tracking airport info, booking etc. I love this app
And free!
Who could complain?
Better than all other apps for travel.
Great travel app
So much more than travel arrangements. Download this.
An app that does what it says.
I have used kayak for over 5 years now. It's so nice to have the ease of access and convenience of the iPhone ap!!
Very easy to use, lots of features and tools built in, fast, very useful travel tool, and free! Just download it! 
Great, very easy to use app and very practical.
Great app
As titled.
AWESOME
Best app
Very helpful app i like it
We had an awesome trip down from Oregon and this saved our trip to find a place to sleep!
This is really a great app!!
Ok app
Awesome

Love this app!!!!
Great tool for travel. A must have.
Great app.  Works fast and provides options for travel that makes trip planning a winner.  Can't say enough good about it.
I dig this app.
Easy to browse and many useful options!
Fast and easy way to find great deals!! I love it a lot!!
Love it
Love it
I am delighted to have this app. Used it a lot last week. Thanks!
Super useful app!
Better than Kayak or any site online! Lots of filters you can apply. Its super helpful.
I use kayak a lot from my desktop but now I have the power in my hands...turns out that app works as well
Great for everything 
Easy n fast!!
I real like how easy quick it is to use this app.
Fantastic!! I can search for ALL my travel needs in one great site. I have used the Kayak website for about 5 years now and it has been great. But the Kayak app is far better!!! The app is the simplest, quickest way for me find a flight and book it in only a matter of minutes. While sitting in the airport I am able to check flight status and even baggage claim area. Even if I had to pay for the app I would do so. Great app!
On the Go!!
Lots of options
Awesome. Quick. Easy. Friendly. Perfect.
Built to serve travelers, not one particular company's agenda.  Refers you to the right place.  Settings and filters are so easy to adjust - I wish other apps adopted their designs - easy to use and always right on when I've double checked things with other websites.  Thank you for such a great app and website.
Does what its meant to.
This app is awesome. Booked a flight to DC, chose my airport, and made the cheapest arrangements all while riding the train to work!
Easy to use and does as it claims
Simple, clean interface. Let's me book what I want at great rates.
I love that I can check on a daily basis for my travel plans.
This app is extremely helpful.
I love it
Super excellent App.. All rates anytime, 2 Good
Awesome app
Awesome! My life became easier with this app.
Awesome site and the app is just as fantastic.
This app does exactly what you need and expect it to do! It's perfect for quickly accessing and researching travel info. Would recommend!
Great app with great deals all around the world
Excellent app but sometimes the search results are not accurate.
I like how i can be able to find last minute deals without a problem...
Works great!
Great App...easy to use. I have it on both my iPhone and iPad.
By far the slickest and easiest travel arranging tool I've used.  Well done.
This app does alot.. I can't wait to travel just so I could use it....
Creo que es una herramienta muy buena y bien útil. Facilita mucho el poder adquirir un servicio rápido a través de la red.
Amazing.
Great app
Easy to use and understand. Would like to see help for handicap travelers like me. But so far it is awesome!
Without any doubt, one of the most useful apps on my phone!
Simple. Works well.
Love ut
Works really good!
Keeps you well informed.
Super convenient. The very best.
Very useful worth installment.
Great app...thanks for developing.
A must have.
No need to say more this app is the best
it works!
Outstanding.  Easy to use.sharp graphics.   Top notch
Living in the middle east and most apps don't really work here. Thus one does!
Make things alot easy!!!
Updates have really made this one of the easiest and fastest booking travel tools
Easy to use!
Great for people on the fly. Far easier to use than price line and offers choice before purchase. Great app.
I travel a lot and this app always comes in handy!!
Probably would give you guys five stars but you harass me to write a review about you so you get four...
i love thiss application! it's free and easy to use!
Useless app wheres the feature to search for cruises??
When looking at a list of hotels it shows their prices, but when looking at a map of the same hotels it says you need to call to get a quote, while it us the same hotel that was in tye list, this was unhelpful un finding a deal, but was very helpful for finding locations!
Great app!!! I always get good prices and lots if choices.
Has saved me money on several upcoming trips already!
Doesnt have the option for book vacation packages
Very useful app. Easy to use.
I barely use a travel agent any longer this app is so easy to use!
Great app!
The most convinient and easy app to use for when it comes to travel info, tickets, etc...
Nice & easy-to-use UI
Does what I needed and them some. Was happy to have the app to quickly check on flights to get a sense of what cost will be of flights. 

Also has lots of helpful little extras, like a guide to how much each airline charges for baggage check! Very handy to know if flight times are flexible and prices close. A reminder that the more expensive flight won't charge for baggage check can save me that much more money.
Great app! Definitely saves me money and time.
Awesome AND free app!
Single resource
Great app! Thx
Love it useful highly say give a try
One stop shop
I love using this App
Easy to use and one of the beat transactional travel apps out there. One tiny suggestion: the ability to choose "non stop flights" in the first step.
I like this app it easy to get good info out of it quickly.
I love how easy this is to use. My husband and I refer to our Kayak app all the time!
Nice one
This app is great to plan any trip.
Excellent excellent
Very easy to use, only travel website I ever used. Now there's a great app too!
Love checking flights and more on the go. This is the app for travel! Highly recommended.
The use of the kayak is very comfortable in on line situation and in future planning. This tool give us the opportunity to find the best deal in the right time for us.
Using the kayak give us the flexibility and the ability to chose.
The interface of the kayak is very user friendly and the result are presented in comfortable way.
I'm always able to find great offers for the destinations I frequently travel to.
Fabulous! Even for a first time user!
Best app ever...love it
Love the app easy to use!
Works well, the only travel site I use.
Sooo easy!
gooood
Just Awesome!
Great... Couldn't ask for anything better
Perfect
Incredible!
Just keep getting better.  Just need to be able to book in the app.
Thanks Kayak
Two thumbs up!
Amazing app. Works great.
Live the easy interface
Works well, is efficient and clean. What more could you possibly ask for? 

Works identically to the website.
Very Convenient application.
I love the user interface from Kayak!! It really makes things easier to read and customizable when choosing a flight or hotel! Plus, the travel lists are fantastic!!!
Fast and easy to use
The best travel app so far!!
Kayak is a very useful app
I think this is the best travel app out there. But, unfortunately it missing some features that make me keep around a bunch of other apps. I want to be able to build travel plans ( add hotels, cars, etc). And why can't I get a discount for flight and car?  There is not "what's near here" feature and no streetview. Beef this app up so I don't have to visit 4 different apps to plan my trips!!!  I'd upgrade to pro for that
Use it to book international flights and I always get great recommendations always!!!
Adorei o programa
Great!
Easy to use on the go good flight pricing
I find the Kayak app to be an efficient and economical method of hunting down the best rates. 2 thumbs up.
I been planing a trip and went to this app and it was quick easy and cheap
Great! Really easy to use!
Love it
Very very helpful app
A useful and efficient app!
I really happy with this application ... thanks
Fast, efficient, easy to use. A winner!
So helpful!!!
Best of it's kind.
One of the best apps I have
THE app that all others should follow. The app like the site is the most flexible way to search all flight possibilities (except southwest).
This app is the best and accurate It's a keeper....
Awesome
me a funcionado en todos mis vuelos fantastica aplicacion
Good stuff!
This has everything I'm looking for in my travel arrangements
great app!
I love the multiple notifications/alerts you can set up and the app even has a packing list of what to bring for what kind of trip. VERY useful!

I will use this over travelocity any day.
Like it
This app is awesome! Very efficient and beneficial for First or multiple time flyers!
Quick info.
:)
This app is fantastic. Now all the information for all my trips is organized in one place--and Kayak did all the work for me. I travel a lot and this is one of the most useful apps I've come across in quite a while. Thank you, Kayak.
Easy to use and enough filters to find exactly what you want.
This app is easy to use and is a fast way to search for any travel need!
So useful and helpful! Love it!
Notifications make the app worth getting. Every morning it tells me the cheapest tickets
Very detailed. Perfect for getting the best price for any vacation.
Pretty amazing. Love it.
Easy to navigate
Very useful
Great app for standby pass riders to check approximate loads on flights. So far, I have been very impressed with its accuracy.
Been using kayak for years. So glad there is a mobile version.
Reliable and accurate. Thanks for a super app!
Extremely user friendly, thorough, and fast
Absolutely love it when an app does what you want so perfect.
I have used KAYAK for years. But the Apple App blows the web app out of the water!!!
I travel a lot and can always trust Kayak to show me the best deals!
Convenient and easy to use. Best travel app available.
If you travel much, TripAdvisor shows you where to go, and Kayak shows you how to save money getting there!
It's just great to have a tool helping you out in every need when you are traveling or even for further trips. 
Fast, convenient and really EASY to use. Thanks Kayak
Great app! Gives me notifications when tix to NY are below $200, so I can always go see the boyfriend!! :)
Very easy to use. A must-have for the frequent traveler.
Nice app worked nicely for me needs
Fantastic, works very good. Many features, a must for a frequent or non-frequent traveler.
Love it, fast and convinient
Great stuff. All you need. Great on the go. Easy to use.
Easy to use. All the info you need is right there.
Didn't really think I'd use it much since most of my travel is arranged through my admin department.  But only days later I found myself breaking it out and finding a good deal.  The layout is perfect, showing all the airlines' prices along with departure times and trip lengths.  This is one app I know I'll be keeping.
Good for someone on the go
Love it!! -clameh-
So far so good. I like how you can get price updates. This is good on the go great for being free!
Love how it keeps track of your itinerary for you.
Great deals? Not so much. 
Useful? Not so much. 
Worth the price (free)? Not so much.
This app finds great prices and looks great on the iPhone 4
Nice app. Love it
Best travel app, no doubt.
Love it.
Cool and easy to use
Want to know something u guys su*k for not making this as a default app in the iPhone is the most amazing think after the iPad " I Don't Understand U People " make it as a default dammit
Very nice interface, quick results, and the most comprehensive travel app I've used to-date. Great job Kayak!
Works!  Saved me over $200
Fast and easy
Very useful
Information for flights were easy and clear. It helped me find a flight without even logging onto a computer or talking to a clerk.
Very useful with many choices. Would reccommend for everyone!
Fast, easy to read results. Super easy to use and additional tools are nifty.
Very useful. Very informative. Great for trying to find the best deals for your trip.
Exactly what I was looking for.
Love
I love having flight info available on my phone. And it us easy to use!
I love that this app is so comprehensive!  Unlike other travel apps, this one let's you incorporate all if your travel itineraries, even ones not booked through kayak!  I highly recommend it even for the occasional traveler!
Clever fast interface.
One of the best out there
Very good app
Great app, very useful
Not bad
Great app
Awesome app i like it 6 star
f
This app is amazing! I use kayak online and this makes it even easier!
Great application
Real user friendly!
Outstanding application!
5 in one app. Nice!
Fast, beautiful and shows the best rates.
Good experience
This app takes the place of like 5 other apps. Well done kayak!!
Great app , find flights easy !
thanks
As the title
I've used kayak for some years to book my flights to Nigeria, am happy with it...
Got the latest inf on time, nice
Verrry nice
enough said
Awesome for finding a hotel last minute. Saved so much time :) love ittt!!
I got an amazing car rental deal.
Very easy to use app. Booked a flight in no time at all.
All good!
Great App   Go
This is an excellent app I have seen so far. I really admire the folks who designed this app.  I am really impressed with 1 ease of use. 2 all airlines in one place 3 when I want book travel ticket, it does not open a new, it stays in the same window.
I have been using this for every trip and it is just extremely helpful to have all in one place.
Fun and useful app.
Great for last min travels.
It's not as good as liberty travel
I luv it
Kayak is the Best way to fund hotels flights and cars on the web.
Great app for travelers!
I like it.
I have used this sight as long as it has been up and have always been able to get the best rates.
The app provides just as much functionality as the website.
假如连接速度快点就更好！
Easy to use. Powerful tool.
Best travel app
This app was very useful in helping me plan my senior year vacation.
Great when I needed a room at the last minute! Plus it's cool to compare prices!
app altogether. i don't know why I didn't get this app earlier. my friends' told me before to use the kayak website and then I found the app, and I booked a three night stay at the beau rivage in biloxi for a great price.

definitely recommend to anyone who travels. finds great deals on rental cars and plane tickets too.
This is a great app with lots of info in one place, easy to use, and very helpful!!!
I like this app
AWSOME
Convenient, easy to use, great options. I love it.
Flew to south Korea at a moments notice and this app saved me tons on money!
Compares a lot of sites. One stop shop :)
This is a cool app.
Very user-friendly. Love the simple format.
Simple and effective
Even Better than using the website
Competitive prices, easy to use. Superior to other apps in the marketplace by other travel services. Would recommend.
This is a great place to find the prices
It is easy and fast
Great app
Amazing
It is useful! I like it！
Very simple: a travel search engine with no strings attached.
Very useful
You are life saver kayak....
Full featured searching capabilities.
Loveee this app!! :)
Great App
Excellent tool to plan your vacations
Awesome functionality!
This has been one of the most useful travel apps I've ever used.
It's ver helpful I love it!
Great
Great app for checking 
Have used kayak for years was thrilled it had it's own app. Reliable site
I like flight tracker.
Fantástico!!!!!!
Love it!!
So easy to use!  So wonderfully designed! It's perfect!
İt is fast and quick
This app is awesome y'all need 2 get it forget the other apps get this 1
Quick and easy searches of flights and hotel, including complex itineraries. Fast and intuitive interface make this one of my favorite apps!
Very convenient. Good app!
Love it.  Easier than using it on the computer
I've only used it to search hotel prices but it has a large list for where I'm looking and I like that I can sort by price.
I love love love this app! You can book you flight, hotel, and car all at once. I love not having to go online to book my stuff. The app is super fast and easy. It's a must have if you travel a lot.
This app is a most get, I travel a lot because of my job and use this app everytime for my hotel and car rentals, if u fly a lot and want good rates and info without having to get on the computer browser this is a most get with photos, info, map and rates for everything.
I have used all the others- orbitz, hipmunk, priceline- but ALWAYS come back to kayak. Reliable, intuitive, graceful and best prices. An absolute must-have app.
Very easy to use! I've used other apps but none are as easy and convenient as kayak...and also provides very cheap rates!
Works great
Best travel deals! I book everything through kayak!
Very useful for someone who's always on-the-go and loves to be spontaneous and travel last minute!!
Great app. Love it! It help
Me save lots of money.
Excellent app. Kayak is so convenient. Loved the mytrip upload feature. One place for all my travel needs!
Makes purchasing a ticket from your phone actually feasible. But I had some issues with not being able to get more details on search results. Only happened a few times though.
Like the price alerts.
Very nice app. Did exactly what I expected.
User friendly and easy to use
Love this app-very easy to read/modify/execute purchase!
The best out there .. Don't even bother with others
I love it
Perfect
Nice app!!!!
This app allows you to do so much. Not to mention it finds the best rates among all travel sites. Track flights too. A Must have
Easy to use and navigate.
so convenient
A for absolutely amazing
Gr8 app.
This is a great app that I find to be easy and quick to use. It does the work of comparing different airlines. I also love the itinerary feature. I just forwarded the email confirmations from my airline, hotel and car reservations to kayak and it automatically collects and collates them into a concise itinerary.
The best travel app out there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
But update so it could search airlines. Plz update
5 stars great App.
Very user friendly and accurate..couldnt be better
Great app!
Better than most but a bit frustrating to use
I think is one of the best
Does the work just great!
I've used Kayak for years and now the iPhone app makes it easy to make those quick checks on travel. So when you're sitting having dinner with friends you can talk real dates and numbers when dreaming about that next trip to Scotland, or if you're taking that last minute trip to follow that band because Craigslist had some awesome tickets you can check and book that hotel from the freeway!  It's still a little awkward in it's transitions to other sites and a few other things but all-in-all it works great and is a wonderful convenience. Keep up the good work!
Nice app
Quick and intuitive to use.
Great app that makes finding getaways easy as pie!
Love this apps!!
Love the automatic alerts.
Very intuitive to use.
Cool app. Most helpful
Best App Ever!! Cutting Edge..
Loved Kayak b4 the iPhone app. Loving it even more now!
It is very useful
So easy to use and very helpful.
Best airfare app!
Best travel search app ever made. Takes all the footwork out for you! Love it!
Just as easy to use as the website
So easy to use!
Great app for hotel looking
The best aplication i ever seen
Easy to use love the options.
Excellent
Great App for finding travel last minute or in advance.
So easy, simple, and quick to use. It's great!!
Great to use
Very useful you get all the info u need works great with Iphone.
Pretty handy app!
Great layout and info brought quickly. Perfect for anyone who travels a lot.
Very useful.
Thank you guys. 
I'm a shuttle driver and use this app every day, it works perfect
good app
Does everything its suppose too. Would deff Recommend to friends.
Price Alerts are awesome!
This is the best travel app I've seen by far!
I can't say enough about Kayak. It's a useful tool for monitoring flight rates as well as incoming flights. And for booking car rentals. It's fantastic!
I suddenly decided I wanted to join my friends in Vegas so I needed a good deal on a flight and kayak was by far the best app that hooked me up with an AA flight. I am def using often
Great app
Great app to use looking for travel.
Kayak app is great
This a great app I love it
Quick, easy, saved me big dollars.
Good app
Awesome
Easy to use application for time saving travel plans.
Travel plans made easy!
As expected, Kayak has made an excellent app to add to its legacy of excellence.
…
Perfect
If I could love an app this would be it.  It's awesome.... The ability to filter for specific times after the initial search runs is tops... The fact that there is no wait when executing the filters is even more tops.  Cool app.
...

Gives you more options and values $$$ than expedia
Awesome!
For notifications it should allow you to choose a multi city route--please fix this!!!!!!!
Good site!
I love the notification when airfares drop.
Great app on the go for looking up cheap flights. It's not that bad, and it definitely comes in handy every now and again
Love this app, helps me find cheap tix and continue traveling.
Search was fast. Wish all airlines would be apart of it.
Real useful.
Very useful. The proximity search feature is excellent.
Good very good good very good
Makes searching for cheap airfare a whole lot easier.
Puts the other travel apps to shame. Simply the best. Better than all the rest.
Great app.. Really useful..
Simple, straightforward, and powerful. Easily the best travel app I've used.
Great
Really great app.  Easy and simple to use.
This is a need app for those who travel a lot, and for those who are looking for a good deal on airline tickets.
I was about to download Travelocity and read the horrible reviews. One said to go to Kayak. I'm glad I did. It's exceeded my expectations. So clear and easy to use. I love the packing checklist included. What a really nice and thoughtful touch.
Love love this app. Kayak is amazing!
This app does its job very well.
Works well
Awesome layout. Way easier and better to use then Orbitz.
It let's me search quickly and use the options I enjoy on the website. Only downer is you can't sort days if you've chosen to look at more than one.
Very nice travel app to have to track down cheap flights.
Great stuff.
PERFECT
I use this app all the time!
Great app and service works well on slow plane wifi as well.
Great app, wish it had all the function of the website.
Great app, and a great site in general. Very easy to use, great swath results and prices. Kayak is the way to go!
Great App Love The Searching And Whole Interface !
Very good app. User friendly.
Not booking from anyone else. Easy to use, super fast. Has all the info you need.
Any useful functions in addition to finding flights, including airline baggage charges
اذا بدك  تطير    بطييير  من هون   من الاخررر
I don't plan any travel without Kayak.
So far it's been a good app. However the app doesn't give you all the flight options as full website
Easy to use
Used to look up not book
This app is very slick. Very fast and easy to use.

However, I find it annoying when planning out longer flights, as it only gives the departure date, so you kind of have to guess about when you will arrive at your destination. Asides from that, it's awesome!
So far this is a clean quick app. Only used to look up so far.  Have not placed an order yet.
Saves you a lot of time in searching for flights, car rental and hotels. Very stable and reliable.
Great app
Awesome app!
Great & comprehensive
The convenience is awesome
Easy to use. Great user interface. Powerful search tools. I love it!
Read title.
Easy to use and great results
Great app
Yeah
I love the app, shows the search result nicely and as good as you get it on computer. I would recommend this for the ease of use too. Overall very nice and must have if you travel a lot.
Very easy to use.
Awesome app.. Found the best prices.. Fast..
I just love how efficient this app is.  Gives you the info you're looking for quickly and as accurate as you would find it if you were using a computer.  It's clean, simple, and just one of the most easiest apps to use if you travel often or just once in a while.
Just like the site and vey useful.
I use this app instead of the webpage!
Must have
Nice app
Awesome!!
It's very intuitive and perfectly integrated with the rest of my iPhone to make it very easy to use.
Kayak is the answer for my question: "I wonder how much it would cost to go _____?" Fun.
Great map functionality!!
I love Kayak but this darn app keeps crashing as I'm searching for hotels for a weekend trip.
Great app!
♪( ´▽｀)
Does the job :)
I don't usually write reviews but this is a great, simple yet highly useful app. Good updates. Keep up the great work!
Love this app. :)
Fabulous !
Booya
Great app...
Easy to use!
Any app that bugs me about rating it in the store gets an automatic 1 star deduction from me. I can't stand those distracting pop-ups.
Well organized & useful app
Very thorough and easy to use.
Clutch app in a lurch
I was skeptical, but after using it for a search and setting up fair alerts easily, I'm a fan.
Works very well for me
Very helpful and easy to use
I love this app for buying airline tickets!
It's great
I love the new trip planning features! Amazingly easy to use. Now, if they could just find the cheapest airfares worldwide.
It's a real good app
I have played all the themes so far and this is my favorite so far!!!  I can't wait to see what they do next.
I've only used the app to find hotels in the US but it's easy to use and offered a lot of options by way of hotels.
I love this app! I travel often, and use this to plan trips -- including air and hotel stays!
Pretty sweet little app
This app is easier to navigate than their website :)
The app acts just like the website really what more can you ask for
The version before this was great. This one takes forever to load everything!
Worldspan Commercial Properties uses this app all the time!
Quick & Easy!
It does everything you need to do it's všechno awesome app... Great job kayak...
Just swift my thump around, this app provides me lots more than I think... Can't believe it's free!
Really good app. Enjoyable to use. Informative. Everything at my fingertips. Deserves a 5 star rating in my opinion.
Overall great app. Hotel search shows only one screen of what should be multiple choices (based on displayed total hits), but you can't navigate to any other screen.
Handy and Timely.
Great App! Love it.
Best airline ticket comparison application available!
Love this app.  Searched for good travel app and found a great one. I now even use their web page when  at the computer. I let them do the searching!!
Awesome  app... easy to use .. Love it !
True love always
Great app!
Easy to use. Provides useful travel planning info.
It's works!
If your on the go and looking for hotels... This app is a must and it's FREE! Download it!
10/10
Use you home computer this app stinks
Great and easy to use, just like the website -- but even more convenient!
Simple yet complete, e. g. filtering interface. Does what you want, no more, no less
Kayak is a great tool for travel, and I love keeping track of family flights for peace of mind.
Love it
Just like the website and easy to use. Great while traveling too
I really like this app. I use it as a starting point for any travel plans. Generally I won't book the trip through the app, but it is nice and organized and fast when tossing around ideas.
Love being able to forward all my email confirmations and let it track every thing for me!
A real travel swiss army knife.  The beacon feature is invaluable.   B
Love this site, love this app!
Quick and easy - blows Orbitz and Travelocity apps away!
Quick and easy. Faster than using the website.
Good and usable.
Quick and easy
Good
Easy to use.
Great layout!
Quick and easy to use
Works well.  As easy to use as the website.
Great App.Found flights to Vegas right away. Thanks
Live the app just as much as I love the website. Kayak makes everything about traveling so much easier!
Kookamunga Cool!!
Great app for travellers.
Great app! So much detailed info. Works great on my iPhone 4.
Great app when traveling on the go.
The best!!!
Good app
Best travel app out there!!!
Way to go! The awesome kayak.com is made fully available on the iPhone by this app.
Love it. Remembers my previous searches.
Great results and awesome user interface.
Use it all the time!!!
It's helpful
I like the new version. Now I can change date easily.
This app is amazing. If you travel, it's a must have. Plus it's free, get it!
GET IT!!!! ,it is worth the money that they are not asking.
Works great
Great for planning
Very nice
See above
It's my goto travel app.
From all out there.
Use it always!!!!
I use kayak for all my flight arrangements! Why go elsewhere when kayak pulls from everywhere?
Works like a charm
it's one of the better apps for looking for cheap hotels....not as good for iPhone as it is for iPad but def still download it
Kayak offers the airlines that dont sell tockets on orbitz an expedia
What a great app. Booked a trip for my family  while waiting at the barber. Best price and no issues with tux like some other sites. Awesome
Best prices hands down
!!
Fully featured great app!
I love kayak anyway, but the app is great for checking flights on the fly.
I am able to do all my price comparison shopping on my phone, while i am at stop lights or waiting inline and then i can save my searches and set up very detailed alerts. It does what it claims to do!
Easy to use, fast, accurate
Like how it compares prices and the choices.
Love it tho it' fast.
Super quick and easy to use
Great app!
It does what it suppose to do! Hace lo que debe de hacer!!
A good app
很方便
Does everything a traveler needs. It a must for ANYONE!
This site also shows Southwest flightsl which is missing from other sites.
This is the best app for travelers, you guys got it down pack to the T. It is clear, colorfull, precise, accurate and 100% complete with everything from A to Z. Keep it coming.
It's cool
It's free and works great so 5 stars.
Just want to say thanks, this app is easy, quick and very helpful. Aside from a misleading cheap-o motel owner (my own fault for picking it!) you guys have gotten me some great deals and right on the spot!!! - thanks again, Jamie
Great app
Pretty much the same as the web site, maybe better. I like how things are categorized.  I do a lot of traveling and this app on my iPad makes it easier.
Very easy to use and very functional.
Great app, love the updates.
Perfectly simple.
Highly recommend!!
Perfect!!!!
One of the best sites! Evah!
This is a great app, with it you don't need to consult any other travel site as Kayak leaves you needing nothing further. I even prefer it to the iPad application
Brilliant app. At the moment 1 of my top 5. It includes lots of helpful travel tools which i havent had the chance to try yet. I have used the flight ticket tool though. Quick and easy way to check for flight price changes. I would like an easier way to purchase the tickets via app but i don't think Kayak has power over that. It would be nice if there was a landscape view for everything. So far so good!
Best flight fares ever!
Genius
Overall happy
I've used for several booking never had a problem
For those who fly often this is by far one of the very BEST Money savers out there And it's FREE!!
Very easy to use and lots of features including a packing list! Very cool.
This app is great for a frequent traveler. The push notifications for price changes allowed me to save money for my vacations.
This app is very helpful!!!
Saved me a ton of money on an international flight!!!!  Will always use this app!!!!
Thought the ap worked really well to get to fares fast.   Cannot see a better one out there.  I was thrown a little by the new interface with the upgrade but figuring it out
Perfect for those of looking for great deals on short notice . And for that matter also great for planning trips months away.  Kayak beats any flight/travel tool. Very impressed
Very nice apps & usuful
The worst ever.  U had my flight US 3884 approaching LGA and 10 minutes out when I fact I'm still sitting the boarding area in PIT.  Where are you getting your information?
Easy to use
Best site for the best travel prices.
Wow! So easy to move around, and loads really fast. I feel like this mobile version is better than the actual website.
Great travel app
great
Works great.
Super app;) ih ha
Great app!!!!
Best app for travel ever. A must for the business or casual traveler. Very easy to use, it is great the way you can make changes and resubmit quickly. Better than any travel site I've used on the Internet.
I really like the latest version of Kayak's app. The design is great and the app is easy to use with lots of features.
Love this app. Presents lots of information in a neat easy to use way. Saves previous searches. Simple and sweet, thank you Kayak for an excellent app!
A must use travel app
!
Wonderful app for Hotels, Car rentals and flights!!
Great app!
Easy to use. Love this!
Great app
Great app.
Well set up and ez to use lost one star because you can't bundle car and hotel together
I always book tickets using Kayak. Now with the app, it's much more fast and easy.
Best prices.
I really haven't used it yet but the change of price alert is wut's makin me keep the app.
Great app!
Easy to use
Best travel app I've seen
Quick, easy and very informative. Two thumbs up
Love using kayak's website and then having an app makes them even better to me! I gave it a 4 only because I haven't used all the features of it to rate it completely.
My main usage has been the flight tracker so far. I like it because flight information is not lost when switching to another application making it easy to recheck flight status during the flight without re-entering data. It is also very easy to "Pull up" the correct airline and flight numbers.
I was excited to discover Kayak online five years ago...now it's my #1 resource for travel research and booking. I got the app just as another option for access, but after one use, i now prefer the app over online. And you will too. The user interface is so much better!
Good app. Easy to use.
Not only is this app a one stop shop for travel, it also tracks flights.
This is exactly what I need. Simple, clean and direct! I can book my flight in seconds!
Love it!!
Great application, I am a frequent traveller, this makes my life much more easier and my trip plan more efficient.
I've been using it for my Europe trip. Easy to use to keep checking on cheap flights. Amazingly easy
Love the app
Wonderful app and site
Simply the easiest & best there is!
Love it.
Amazing eXperience
Very easy to use! I travel often and this app is great when I need to quickly check airline, hotel, and car prices.
Useful
this is a GREAT app! looking for flights is a breeze on this
;)
Easy to use!
Nice and easy
Once again Kayak did it , this app is absolutely perfect , user friendly & awesome quick info
This is a useful app for comparing prices.  I have never ordered tux from the site, I just use it for reference.
This is a great app! I had downloaded several other travel apps and wasn't pleased. This one had everything I wanted!
Probably the best free App I have.
Good app. It does what it's says and I can't complain.
Excellent service
Helpful
Easy
Bout boubout boubout bout bagay
I wish it had the option to do a vacation search that included both flight and hotel
Recommend too others
I love it ... This is a very good App and very, very useful ... Thanks App team
It's a great, fun App.
I prefer using the Kayak app on my phone than on the computer. I just might end up booking more flights with this app because it's such a breeze to use.
I am a frequent flyer and this app does just about everything possible to help keep you organized. Easy to use.
Apps works smoothly..had nothing to complain about...
Kayak covers all of the bases.  The software seems to find flights that other travel sites can't.  I love the updated baggage fee cost per airline tab.  Kayak is the most versatile flight finder app I've seen.
Great App! Does it exactly what it says. Gotta love when that happens.
Great app! Very easy to use and helpful!
Where has this app been all my life
The best in the app store. Very well designed and I love the daily notifications on desired tickets.
Helpful source!
Found a great fair without the hassle.
Found AA fares here that i couldn't find on the AA site and it's so much easier to navigate!
Good,helpful app
helped me find the perfect hotel room.
Greatest app
Very well thought out and easy to use!!!!
This isn't a game!
This is the most accurate, complete, and user friendly app I have seen for costing of flights, hotels, and cars. Not much more to say.
My favorite feature is the integration with the website's trips feature. It allows me to forward travel itineraries emails form hotels, airlines and hotels and access them from the phone and with a single click also get flight tracking info for flights. 

...and it is great for finding low price fares that are actually available.
Helped me a lot!
Great app for airfare search and comparison! Would give it five stars if it allowed more flexible search options.
User friendly and useful tool for frequent travelers.  Update times on delays could be improved.
Perfect for the traveler on the go!
This is the best app I have used and it truly helped get around and find what I want.
Decent app but I don't see the need for the option to select multiple passengers if the pricing shown is always the price for one passenger.
Great app!
For someone always on the go.. This is the greatest app ever
Everything about this app is great. The only thing I wish kayak had was a prediction aspect to lets you know if mow is the best time to buy, similar to farecast.
Great app... Really helps me to be proactive in planning trips. I would highly recommend it!
Buy and fly. What more needs to be said?
Buries Expedia & Travelocity mobile apps
The best
Awesome app
Good one
The best!
Great Application.
Could be a little faster to pull info
Great app. Can't believe it's free.
Great
Super easy to use. Clean well thought out interface. The best travel app!
Always loved using this site and now to have it on my phone is even better.
I love kayak.com and the app does the job
I consider myself an accomplished traveler and kayak is simply the cleanest most efficient travel search there is.  Highly recommended
*:D
Easy fast outstanding app
Love it, love it, love it!!
Kayak is a great travel app, but the crashing issue needs to be addressed and fixed promptly.
quick and accurate prices!
Fantastic app. Love the interface.
Love the kakay app
Easy to use app!
This app rocks
We're planning a trip to Hawaii and this is the best app for that. It tells us what hotels are nice and reasonably priced and what flights we can take. So I can make an estimate of about how much this trip will cost. U NEED THIS APP!!
Great
Great travel app. I really love it.. I glad that my wife turned me on to it for looking up flights... Thomas Pead
The best fares
Definetely worth da have!! It does it all!! Who needs a travel agency!!
Great design and super easy to use
I love the fact that it gave me so many choices on airlines and all the flights going out. The others just gave me the first couple. I'll be using this app every time I travel!
So far this app has been great with me planing trips
great app for anyone who travels. im not much of a flyer so i rarely use it to book flights but it works like a charm when it comes to finding and booking a hotel weeks in advance. And on top of that its free...what more can u ask for?
Don't DL it. It's a waste of time.
Awesome app. Very easy to use perfect for booking things on-the-go.
The flight pricing is hardly accurate.
Yeah it's good...    Simple and useful.  Can't beat it.
Love it! Very usefull.
I love it. I'm able to search what kind of hotels are available at that time with having to get my laptop. It's just so handy. I recommend using it. Thanks for reading! Get it! Use it! Love it!
This app does exactly what it promises. Awesome interface.
It's everything you need to make travel arrangements in one app. It's really great.
I used it to search for flights and think its a great app.
Easy To use, several kinds of search!
I'm about to embark on a series of trips & rather than have my info all over the place I can keep it all on my kayak app (even if I didn't book everything through them). Also, I know I'm gonna have to buy a last minute ticket while in transit... I can do that all in this app.
Top notch
Perfect app:)
Easy to use and great for quick travel.
I like the app, and find it very useful. I noticed right away however that it doesn't allow as much flexible date info as the website, and neither offer as much flexibility as the Orbitz website. Fix that and it's a five-star app.
Easy to use!
Ok
mega mega megA
It doesn't save my searches, so no history appears, but it does preload the search with the last values when you open the app, so that works for me.
Super easy to use and very fast!
Incredible speed !!!
Great app, gives good fairs.
Great features and nice design
Like it. Very convenient to get fare alerts.
love this app it's easy to use!
Use it regularly. Now I can use it on my mobile phone.
Like it
The app is great. It's just like as if you are doing it from a regular computer. The pictures are great as well.
Great place to find what you need!
The app is very clear and intuitive.  Good information so far.
Two thumbs up!
I travel a lot and with this app it makes it 10000000x easier to view and book flights and hotels.... Love it!!!!
Great
Love it
Ok
I literally booked a flight from SFO to JFK in ten minutes while I was waiting from my drink at happy hour. Even better, I was a first time user.
Great App
This app is great. I specially like the option to "watch" price changes on flights you are interested in. This app ha a lot of other great utilities, I highly recommend it.
Works great!
One of the best UI app.
Nice app. Had to register to see flight info, but registration took maybe a minute. Pretty easy to use.
...
Great app for handy review of flights & hotels....!!!
Easy to use and a great way to track prices on flight
Not only the iPhone App, every other Interface to Kayak is simply great! Thanks Kayak.
Very helpful and easy to use. Actually runs faster through the app than on the website when using my PC.
Whenever I need to get a hotel this is where I come. Great app no doubts about it
Very very helpful when it comes to keeping track of flight prices!!!
Best app ever
Easy to use; great way to compare prices & track flights for specific travel dates.
This iphone app was way easier to use than my regular computer. (buying plane tickets). Fast, simple, unfussy. Thank you so much for making a terrible task less terrible!
User friendly interface. The app is almost as good as their website. Love kayak!!!!
Sexy app
Great program and best of all free
Very impressed
This is a great and very useful app! I couldn't believe all the deals I found
Even better then the iPad app
Outstanding
Awesome app! Loving it!
One of my favorite travel sites. I use this app all the time!
!!
Very useful
Easy to use and well designed.
I've been using Kayak for a couple years and I love it. This App will literally take the time to find you the best priced air fare. Highly recommend it! Cuts the thinking out of the equation..
Love the interface!  Lots of info that's easy to find!
Great site, great app. The alerts are very useful.
Helped me find what I was looking for!!
Smooth
Top of the top, I can find phone numbers for the hotels, great inter face, TOP!!!
Ittts great
Nice app. Very convenient.
Not enough info to warrant the app. A google search on my iPhone is more useful.
love it !
Has many features (even some you think you might not need) and it's free!
Love the convenience , features and the small touches.
Enough said
Flat out awesome.

This app is so well designed it's easier to use than the full website on a computer. I now shop for all my travel using this app and don't even bother with a pc anymore.
Great app - as well made and useful as the safari version.
East to use, accurate price comparing.
All in one place- how did we ever manage without it?
Great way to quickly research travel costs. Each update makes the app better.
So this is one of the must have mobile apps for travel - but seriously - must my music be turned down or shut off every time I switch screens so you can whisper "Kayak" in my ear? 

Who thought that was a good idea? Please remove it. It is annoying and slightly creepy.
Makes planning trips soooooo easy, legit app!!!
Very useful
Pretty good.
Easy to use, great app!!!
It keeps crashing. I love the filters it has, but I wish it could search multiple airports.
I really like this Kayak app. I found flights on here for much cheaper than any of the other travel app. I also live that it sends notifications when a searched flight's price goes down. I don't know of any other one that does that.
Good aggregator of flight info.  I routinely use Kayak to find flights.
Works well. Quality interface.
It's awesome! Better than computer version.
Very well made.
Easy to use; tons of tools. And free! Yay!
I use Kayak everytime I'm going somewhere
Easy to use and very speedy.
보기에 찾기에 쉽게 되어 있어
적당합니다
So easy to use, great pricing as always
All my options in one place for my choosing. Super convenient when I need it most.
Has everything you need, easy to use. Like that you can email search results from app and create price alerts.
Easy to use and super convenient
Great App!! It works for all my travel needs.
A good app buy not a great app. It should be able to build trips. For example from FLL to DCA via HOU, you should be able to test cost of direct flight or the cost of different indirect routes. Can't hold the separate routes. Someone will figure out how cost conscious travelers plan.
Excellent site when on a budget.
Iv been doing research online for finding flights to and from Europe, I fly frequently. This app makes it really easy to compare. It's really fast which most flight finding websites aren't!
Love this site, it's a big help when trying to book cheap airfare
I love this app
Good to use!
Amazing app!  I love the buzz feature where you can find the cheapest flights by month!
THE most effective and efficient useful tool of practicality which I have yet to come across in the App Store.  Thank you, Kayak!
This app if great, all the information you need.
I purchased Flight Deck and downloaded Kayak for free and am happier with Kayak. Great value.
Love it!!!
I've used the Kayak website for a long time now & love the mobile app. Love the new style & layout as well.
Super fictional and quick
Perfect app
I love this app and it's very useful but it kicks me off after about 5 minutes. It's making it hard to use it :(
Why go to ten-plus websites when you can just start here?  Seriously great functioning app!
Very user friendly and comprehensive.  Well done.
An utility tool, very useful
Top notch application... 100% accurate flight tracker that is updated quickly
Very user friendly!
Love this app!!! I can plan a trip during my lunch break.
Easy to use and very impressive
Kayak on the fly - and impressively doesn't give up much functionality
Starting point for any travel research!
Wonderful app! It needs to add southwest and other low cost airlines also.
This is so fantastic!!
Love it.
Soooooo Gooooooood ~ ! 

Kayak travel app is great
Easy to navigate and fast.
AAA+++
Useful and easy to use
it us an okay app
This is truly and amazing app, BUT they have GOT to fix this crashing problem (even after reinstalling). Restarting a search that you've gotten mid-way through makes you want to...well, you can imagine.
So far all I have used is the flights but it was so easy! Better than their website.
Awesome deals. I can get a good one in Copenhagen!
Well designed app
Very easy, from flights to car rental. Good prices showing you different options. A must have for frequent travelers
Love it
Looks like a decent app if you can get it to stop crashing. Just loaded it 10 minutes ago and it has crashed 3 times so far.
This application is good for last minute air and hotel booking, easy to navigate between rates photos and reviews.
This is a great app. Love the trend analysis feature.
Pretty handy app
great app! if u love going to different places local or not this is a must have app!
I like the fact that this app provide many options for the available flights. But I'd love to see an improvement so that we could book thr tickets from within the app. Keep up the good work!
Great app. Intuitive, well thought-out interface.
New version UI is less intuitive that the previous version. Maybe it will take some getting used to. Can't complain about free, though -- still overall an excellent app.
My favorite thing about this app is all the extras like the packing list feature and airport maps!
Period.
I was VERY impressed with this app. My wife spent hours trying to find a cheap flight. This app beat her best price by at least a hundred dollars. 

If you ever fly or will every fly or think you might consider ever flying at any point in the future get this app.
Very easy to use, user friendly and fast.  A+++++
Easy to use, friendly interface, thus app is a great way to get cheap flights and hotels.
Found a cheap flight so easy, and setup a notification for cheap flights when they come up to a certain destination.
It works
very good.
Indeed a app I can use!!!! I love the notification option!
They get u the best price in the market
Is the best app in his kind
They did a great job with this app...I am really surprised that none of the big $ airline companies such as Delta are not capable of building a customer centric app...
Kayak on the iPhone is the quickest, easiest way to search flights. It seems it's quicker even than Kayak.com. And kudos to the UX designer in this. Great interface. I love this app!
Awesome!
Ok
The truthh HIGHLY no as a matter o fact the ONLY recomendation if your trying have any travel plans on the iphone
This app is such a time saver, love alerts!
It works
Very convenient if you just want a quick reference.
It such a great app... It's the best way to find cheap flights.. LOVE IT
Great for booking quick rooms an vacations
Very easy to navigate.
If you're into traveling this is a must but
I already found a cheap flight
Helpful app!
So easy to use.
I've only used this app a bit but find it easy to use and helpful. 
My only complaint is that when sorting hotel results by price I need to pick 'cheap' or 'classy'
Since I'm always looking for a good price I fall into the 'cheap' category. I'd rather search by price 'low to high' then call myself 'cheap' LOL!
Good app! Very useful!
Killer app
Genius
Very helpful and useful
Nice
I love how they keep updating the UI, and the usefulness of this app makes it a perfect travel app.  Thanks!!
I didn't realize that Kayak is such a great app and even trip planner! Amazing!
Even if you don't use it to buy tickets, it is an awesome itinerary app.  Just forward the itinerary email to them and all details are sorted including maps.
I use the kayak app every day, just to browse for flights. Kayak is always the cheapest!
When you did the last update one of my favorite feature disappeared. As far as I can tell, there is no way to create a "zone" to search inside on the map. Example: I used to be able to circle an area on the map and search for a hotel inside it. Not anymore. Give it back and the rating will go up for me.
Love the app itself, but wish I could have the alert tell me when the price drops throughout the day.  I find that according to kayak's own price graph, I'm missing the lowest fares of the day. Needs some work!!!
This app is easy to use and a must have for travelers.
Love it!
Very easy to use.
Love it! Saved time, money, & everything was laid out perfectly.
Saves a lot of time and clutter of the web
Can store my flight search and push price alert!  Useful when you want to book a flight in advance.
Easy to use and useful travel app
Would give it a 5 if it had a way of seeing vacation packages like there web site.
It's a good app, pretty helpful and best of all, free.
New version rocks!
Isn't that dumb?

How would I be able to review it properly?

So there ya go.
This used to be a great app until the newest release. Now there is no way to reverse airports. No way to view current results. No way to choose non-stop preference. No way to see the entire selected airport name. Why did you take these options away?  Filters used to be nice an easy to use. Not anymore. Please return this app to the great app it was before.
Honestly this app has quality and convenience of a good $5 app. It's so easy to use and the update made it even better. It's incredibly useful and helpful. I usually don't write reviews but that Kayak app is that good. I recommend it to anyone doing ANY kind of travel. It will literally save you time and money. Oh did I mention it's FREE. Get it.
I'm giving four stars because I have not used it enough for five stars. So far, easy to navigate and great user interface. 
They are keeping up their good reputation with this app
Easy and very accurate...
I used this app to book my flights and find a great hotel!! It was nice to be able to compare hotels and prices with simplicity. Def recommend, esp for first time travelers
Its a great app! No issues ever! I use this app every day!!!! Love it
Easy to use
Non stop option is needed at the beginning of searches, please.
I love it!!
It's all I use. Do it.
This app is awesome. Simple to use. Easy to find flights. I'm gonna use this to plan all of my travel this year.
No ads
The new launched this January 2011 is a disaster!! Before one was able to select non-stop flight before making the search, now one has to make the search and then filter results. Selecting today's date on flight search was just a click, now is not possible.... Changing the city/airport direction of the flights was just one click to make reverse round-trip searches now not possible. Longer time for searches.... Will have to move to another provider!! :(
The app is next to none, love it!
The only drawback is sometimes it lacks the cheapest flights within Europe.
Love it how I can compare different sites in one app
I travel a lot, it did a good job to remind me of the price drop! Help me save $400! Recommend!
I travel alot an this app was super fast an I dig it.
Super helpful! Great!
No complaints :)
Would recommend it to everyone!
This is a great app! Would have been five stars if there was an iPad version...
Great way to stay organized. Keeps all my travel plans in one place and a ton of information about the airlines, airports, hotels, and travel locations.
No place to search AM or PM flights.
Saves so much time and money
I love using this app
Don't get it! It freeze your ipod! worst app ever!
Easy to use. Quick!
Good app. Display pics of hotels which is a key factor in staying anywhere.
Great app for those who travel.
Does it all
The features and tools in this app offer just about every imaginable combination or routes.  Sort by price, airline, exact or flexible dates.  This app is comparable to a program I use to book corporate travel for a major company!!
Great app.  Does a nice job finding good prices.
Best travel app out there! Blows orbitz and expedia out of the water!
Awesome app
Very easy to use
Faster then your computer!
99% of the time this app finds me the beat prices. Amazing!
Kayak is always upto date, informative and helpful. You can not go wrong with this app!! As good as the best travel agent ever.
Very easy to use, works great!!!!
A must have. The best travel app.
The best travel app out there!  And, a great development team: I found a bug and I got a personal thanks from the team for reporting and it was fixed and released ASAP!  Plus: the scary surprise "kayak" voice had me laughing. (see if you can find it!)
Simple, fast, and complete!
A must for the traveler on the go
Excellent app, very well designed search engine and filters, beautiful gui, highly recommended
All the features of the website in an app.
Excellentè!!!!
They have changed the format.  I hate it now.  It used to be perfect, but now is clumsy to use.  I'm getting tired of these updates changing the functionality of the apps.  Pageonce messed up the personal asst app too.  Quit fiddle farting around with these things when they are good.  Or at least give us the option to use an older version.  Leave the old version in the app store too and let people choose.
Great app!! Allows you to email your itineraries (for flights, hotels, cars booked on any site) and access them all in one place. For all it does, I can't believe it's free!!!
I wish I could access other people's trips, those that I can see online because I've been given access. Other than that, it's an awesome app with great information so readily available!  Thanks Kayak!
What with all the crap going on with airlines these days... It's good to know we can still go with KAYAK to help us find the best deals in town... And... It's easy to use and we'll always know the results will be accurate!
The notifications are the best for keeping track of lowering prices.
It's easy to use, great way to see the lowest price from all sites in one place. User friendly.
Nice thing to have
Not an average junk.
This app is definitely easier to use tuan a regular web page.
This to me is the best place to stop and search all the sites for the best prices. A must have app
Good
It's all I use
Everything you'd ever want in a flight/hotel/car app is here!! The push notifications are *superb* and much appreciated!
Better than the actual website!
Best travel app I've seen so far.
Hdjfndkdjdjjhfjhdhhrhdddcxbeiyvcgsutbfurg
Best travel app on the market. I have been using for years.
This app replaced all of my other travel apps. It does everything I need it to do and all that it says it does.
Download it!
There are much better offers for European flights which can be found directly from European airlines.  Be ware, the rates showing are not the final rates, you might end up paying hundreds more ... Gas tax, airport tax, etc.
Excellent app. When searching for flights though, I would like the refinements I made to not cancel when I change dates.
This app has everything I could ever need while traveling abroad. I cannot think of anything that this app is wanting. And plus the only difference between the free and paid versions is the ads! I see no reason not to get this app if you do any amount of traveling.
Con varias opciones y muy practica felicidades!!
Really like this app
Very well designed and can be optimized to find you the best deals.
Great App.
This is one of the best applications I've downloaded, I recomend it to everyone, this is must have application.
This is a great app and the travel app I turn to first when I am looking for great prices and a flight schedule that works for me.
Very useful for looking up flights frequently to see how prices fluctuate. Helps get tickets at a cheaper price.
Very useful for someone traveling without fixed plans
1. Integrate frequent flyers programs or at least have a "wallet" to store all that info...

2. I lovey trips... I haven't yet tested but I hope it works offline so that once it's downloaded to the phone it stays there so even if I don't have an Internet connection I can see it.

3. Free wifi finder in airports... Allow people to post where wifi is available in various airports including passwords if necessary.
Awsome app great reasearch!!
It's good to be able to find the cheapest flight and hotel in one place.  And this app does just that.
Excellent!
This app is exactly what the cheap flights world needed!
Very helpful for anyone who likes to travel and needs fast,accurate info on the go
Very helpful. Many different options.
Works perfectly.
Great travel app
A wonderful tool
Very well done!
V
Eaay to use, great app!
Easy to use.  Very pleased.
Great travel App
Good job Kayak!
This app is a must have for travelers! It has everything from booking flights, car rentals, hotels to providing a packing check list! If you are a frequent traveler you need this app! It's a one stop shop! I give it a 5 star rating based on features and convenience.
Not a bad app does what it says
Nothing beats kayak. Wish SWA would cave and let kayak post their fares. What used to set SW apart is now common and they haven't invested in innovation.
I love this app. No other travel app is as easy or helpful. However recent updates have made it impossible to use. It crashes frequently. I can't finish booking on my mobile because it crashes so much. I tried re-download and reboot, it still crashes. Fix this Kayak!!!
Great app I love using it!!
This is the best travel free travel app
Very impressed with this app! Works great! Great job!!!!
You need this app! Trust me on this
I love the ease and use of the app just like the online version. I especially love the fact that I can book my daughter's ticket from Europe to the U.S.
Great app!! Great deals. Easy to use.
This is an amazing app and i like it and it helps you out a lot
Although I'm a big fan of kayak.com, there are other travel sites that are just as good if not better (cFares.com comes to mind). But this app and the Bing app are pretty much it for mobile travel apps. It's a very good app, pretty close to the full website. Recommend.
Only wish I knew earlier
Kayak app is something I dream of when my iPhone is plugged in,  and out of reach, kayak is what makes my life shine, like a diamond! I think of you, I think of you.
Very convenient
This is it !! I cant believe how well this app works. Its the best of ita kind. Never have ro use anything else. Easy to use anf search and filter and book. Thank yoi Kayak !!  Jem
Don't care for new interface. Not as intuitive as before. More screens to go thru. This used to be my favorite travel app...not any more.
Simple, fast, powerful. What else is needed?
If you are a business man or woman and you want have the best options in your trip, this is the perfect tool to plan it.
I would make this a 5 star app if it had all airlines. I fly alot with southwest and jetblue and those two are not on the list. Other then that its still a great app! I love this app!!!!
so, people with 3.2 just lost their money? Since the latest version its just for 4
The latest version seems a step back in usability, the prior interface was more user- friendly, simpler and quite effective IMO. Now one has to go through more menu steps to get the information wanted, and a few of the filters have become confusing (where is "uncheck all" in the search per hotel brand, for instance?). Content still some of the best, presentation botched.
Very easy to research flights and love the ability to get price alerts. One of the best free apps I've ever downloaded. Thanks.
All the flight dates & tines don't match what I put in for search. Everything is mixed up & mis matched. I'll give it another week, and I'm done. Fix it & I'll fix my review.
When I'm looking at a preview for a Hotel and I start looking at the photos the app crashes and just closes down on me
This app helps me to get things done more efficiently.
Nice and considerate tool.
Great app but keeps crashing on me!
You guys have done an amazing job withthis and the iPad a
great app !
Kayaks designers care about the customer experience!
Crashes when adding new custom packing list.
I love tracking the flight in a map
Easy access and very convenient !
Simply the best out there. You just forward you reservation conformation email and it organize everything for you in your trips profile. Love it.
Love this app - super convenient and easy to use!
Kayak makes orbits look bad because kayak is there when u need it.
Can't believe this is FREE! This is an awesome app.
Usually don't get involved in review writing, but please don't let your ego get in the way of changing this app back it's previous design. The previous graphical design was way better. The line press is played out and over utilized by iOS developers.  The orange boxes are much funner, intuitive and easier to read. Thanks, looking forward to updating my review very soon.
I think the App is great! I've had some problems changing the date also but I've found that if you hold down on the date and drag it it will change. This could be Easily fixed in the next update! Thank You!
This app is easy to us and reliable!
All in one best travel app yet!!!,
can you added mileage plan storage feature
Actually very easy to use app.  This is how you would expect to purchase inexpensive flights on the iPhone!
It is so accurate
It crashes when I try to view flight details.
I am unable to select/change the date of travel, which renders this app totally useless. I have the latest version of the app.
The updated version ruined a great app. The previous version looked better and was easier to navigate. I wish I had not updated :(
Loved the matrix in the old version.  Did the most perfect travel app need a new version?  Waaaaa :(
Super user-friendly!
The last update is horrible, I used to love kayak but they took the flight times away from the initial results making the app useless.
I can just get a vacation idea and check for the best deal, best time at the comfort of my couch, knowing I'll be able to find it here. That is very important. I love this app.
I generally only use the flight search features.  The improved UI is excellent -- looks great, intuitive, and gets pretty much all of the website's features in touch-friendly display.  Actually, I think I prefer the iPhone app to their main website now.
My job requires alot of last minute travel. Kayak is the best resource. Hate the latest update though. Wish they left it awesome.
It's nice to use a site that's objective and gives you so many options.
Can no longer narrow search results by departure and arrival times among numerous other factors that made the previous version and full site Kayak truly useful.
I am really impressed! The UI is easy to use and very attractive. Bold and modern without sacrificing usability.
Great app for looking for travel deals on the go.
This is one of the best app's especially if you fly a lot!
Kayak.com is great and with the latest app update all the features I need from the website are on the phone. UI changes are generally cool although I miss the flipping animation from the main menu to the various views. Keep up the good work guys and gals!
New UI is poor experience. The old calendar was the best of any iPhone app. Now i have to touch that tiny arrow with my fat fingers like all the other apps. What happened to the easy-to-interpret homepage? Now I have to scroll on a homepage? Switching back to Bing Travel.
Does everything it's supposed to! Works great ;)
Thank you very much!!! Very useful!!!
Becuz it is (was) a great app. But i liked the older interface. It was very basic and not too busy looking. This one has too much going on design wise. Travelers are stressed enough as it is. 

Oh and we want the calendar search option!!!
Buena y facil de usar
Great app!!
New version shows wrong detailed flight results after selecting a flight from the results listing. This bug makes the app unusable. 

Please do better testing before you take a perfectly working version away from us. 

How can we revert to the previous version while waiting for you to fix this one?
I really recommend this app!!!
This app does a great job of bring a lot of information together in one place. Great!
Good app!
Great app, when it is actually running correctly, can't stand that it keeps booting me off -_-
Kayak is, hands down, the best travel website and app available. However, this new version of the iPhone app ruined a good thing.

User interface ultimately comes down to taste, and personally, I think this new UI is ugly and doesn't compare to the old UI.

I also noticed that in this new version, the 'map' feature is no longer available when searching for a hotel. It was one of the best features! Please bring it back.

To reiterate, I love the website, but hate the new app redesign.
Bring back the 'tiles' please..update those if u have to. This interface and the lack of interactive hotel map is not great at all.
Old version was way better.
Did anyone test this before the new release? Flight does not allow me to change the date. It keeps the last day I searched for flights, which was last month, so completely useless.
Why not have an option to switch UIs? Still great app though.
Makes life easier
I liked the old home screen with the tiles. But I do like everything else better.
They removed interactive hotel map
Love tha options in search and great to have this as an app!
App crashed as soon as I opened it & also when I do a search. They also don't show delta flights anymore so the app is useless to me. I will be deleting.
The timing (take off and landing) doesn't match when you expand the itinerary to full details. Pls fix. Not acceptable. The rest UI is cool!
Your ' Kayak' sound scares me..... When I opened it, a female voice ' kayak ' came out of iPhone..... Lol
Easy to use. Well designed any many useful features.
Please, add Azul flight data in Flights.   Azul airline is an important option from Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo to many other cities in Brazil.
This is perfect for on the go travel. It is organized nicely and they way you can refine your search results is perfect. Highly suggested to anyone who frequently travels.
It's a really good travel app- it doesn't do flight+hotel like on the computer but generally easy and fun to use.
It's good!
Love, love, love this app. Great tools for travelers. Checklist, hotels, itinerary, flight alerts...
Would give it 5 stars if price alerts were a bit better.
Hands down, amazing app. Most have!
Fare alerts are awesome, charts are great!

UI could use some more polish.
Very useful app- has a lot of features that you may not expect. Setting up fare alerts very useful. Flight tracking, beacon, packing list, currency converter all make this a better program than I had initially realized.  And free.
Beware the prices I got from Kayak app for a flight out of Tampa to Singapore was $13,000. Same itinerary through other websites were $1,300.   Great app if you willing to pay 10x more. Used kayak 5 months ago for my trips. Not anymore,how can I trust this app.
I use the site all the time. Having the convenience of their search engine in a mobile app, with all it's flexibility and filters is great.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!get this app called (checkpoints)it gives you free money or an ipod and even a wii register with the bounes code (enndy) and you can get a free 25$ gift card from itunes!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!! Or a gamestop gift card of 50$ but remember enndy is the bounes code enndy enndy enndy enndy.  Ok its (enndy) E N N D Y oooh and why am i doing this its becuase for every person i get to register with my code gives me points to get more things thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Better than priceline, expedia apps...easier to use and gives you what you need.
It's nice being able to track a flight.
Kayak is a awesome app for organizing trips. Flights are twice as expensive as it shows on the app because the price on the app is the price without taxes.
Sat you search and you get great prices, but when you get to book, it becomes almost double the price they originally showed.
Makes searching for deals fun and exciting. My Favorite Friday Night Activity!!!
Thanks!
Makes you want to go some where every time I start this app.
Very handy and intuitive.
App has a great UI. Easy to use. But the app usually shows prices MUCH higher than what displayed on the web. Not accurate and needs an update. 

Ex. On App from SMF to CLT today! is $1300. 
On the web it's 290.
Kayak really stepped up to the plate with this sensational app.  The only thing I would love is a little better integration of the Trips section so that you wouldn't need to go to the Kayak website to set up iCal calendar alerts. Also, it would be great if you could book hostels instead of just hotels.

But these are fairly minor points in comparison to all the things that they did incredibly well in this app.

Thank you, Kayak!!!
I've been using this tool since I discovered it a couple years ago. Such a helpful time saver. Love the pricing tool for flexible travel dates.
I love the Kayak site/app, but the iPhone app doesn't go the extra mile.  It would be nice if it had more intuitive features (like, it knows when I'm traveling, show my flight status automatically, don't make me click for it!)
Best travel app I've used to date - great interface!
I use this constantly and it is the best traveling tool because you always get the cheapest flight and only have to check one place. Love love love
Hotel rates, flight fares, landing schedules, and lots more
 functionalities packed into one great app! The interface is beautiful and elegant! Can't believe it's free! Thanks!
great app, great interface, easy to use and has a ton of "extras" that save you from having to download 3 other apps to do the same things!
It works well to look up specific dates and destinations but I really want an app that will show me the last minute cheap getaways. I want to know about that $39 ticket to Vegas!
Initially, I thought a kayak app would be unnecessary- why would I need to shop for flights on the go, when I could wait to do it at home. However, I've found it's great to have the info at your fingertips.
Great
This app was the best until I updated and now you can't search by dates.  They make you pick an airline.  How ridiculous and a waste of time!!!!!!!!!
Has everything you could need to plan your travel!
5stars
Outstanding App! Simple and effective to use.
This is great, but the best app is checkpoints! Download it to get iTunes gift cards just for doing normal stuff. Use referral code: NoTrace1 for a free 300 points just for signing up!
NoTrace1
Haven't booked anything off of it yet. But looks pretty good
Best user interface of its kind,
Best research tool of its kind,
Best beating price of its kind,
Best traveling management of its kind!
Forget about others' like tripit/priceline. This one beat them all
very useful for traveling
Easy to use.  Does everything you could want.
This is a cool great app. Checking my travel flight status is terrific, it works. I already recommended it to several of my facebook friends and others, and it's FREE ,,,,,
I love this app! So easy to use. I sent my flight itinerary AND hotel reservations and it put it all into a trip for me. Very helpful and easy to use
This is the easiest full functional travel app.
just got app last night due to tracking my flight today due to northeast blizzard conditions. i'll probably make a review when i use it some more. 

what did happen is the flight tracker didn't update at all from yesterday. luckily my flight is ontime
Never updates flight delays, and does not add itineraries.
This app is just brilliant and useful...
I strongly recommend it to everyone...
Every iPhone must have it!
This app is so amazing. I needed to book a flight after a missed flight and kayak helped me find the cheapest, quickest, best way to get to my destination. It was even better than the airlines. Download this app especially if you're in a tough spot and need a flight.
I LoVE kayak! It's the best travel/ airfare search engine!!!! THANK YOU
I love this app
Needs vacation search. I see there's a spot on he first screen. ;-)
Excellent app.
I love this app! I live in Alaska and plane tickets are always super expensive. This app helps me find the best prices!
I like this app does wut describe to do! Ps its multi search is my favorite !
The app is very bad. It Will work maybe 1 out of 20 times.  The website is better, but getting worse as it has gotten more popular.
Perfect application
Finds the cheapest rates.
Best travailing app ever
Saved us $$$ during recent trip to LA when I had comventiently forgotten to book a rental car.
Travel aggregator better than most
Crashes very often in new ipod
Easy to use; makes travel planning easy.
Great app, very convenient, has most of the website features.
it's an excellent app from the people who provided us the google of 'travel'.The coolest thing about this app is tgat it keeps almost the same uniformity & consistency just like the desktop version.It'll be great if they add vacation package deals from multiple sources too.keep up the good work guys
I don't travel than often, but it helped me to tell my friend and myself a couple of times what is the range of prices that they should expect.
Nice App!!!
Nice interface, awesome features, very quick. I now have everything I need for travel including phone numbers of all airlines. And last but not least, this app is FREE. 
Too bad this app can't make me coffee :)
Lol textfree got me here
Same old stuff
I'm more of a gamer than a deal junkie, so I'm always on the lookout for free game-boosting apps!
True, while I do see the benefits of using this app to find cheap hotels, good flights, and roadtrip planners, I must confess that I downloaded this app for 
a completely different reason!  I'm not sure I'll ever use it for anything, but I got 4 free "warbucks" to spend in the "Gun Bros." game app.  
Most apps only give you one or two "warbucks," but this one gives you four!  Thanks guys!   This app gets five stars!!!
p.s.  add "Spartan S-117" to your friends list on Game Center.
Perfect
excellent app I love kayak all year round. what else I can ask!
Tried this alongside TripCase, and think I will switch to Kayak. I like the fact that I can both plan new trips and track existing ones in one place. Kayak imported an Amtrak reservation that TripCase could not. Kayak is also better at tracking status of flights that are not in your own itinerary. I also like the calendar subscription feature - very useful. All in all a great travel toolbox.
It's probably saved me a few hundred bucks over the past year or two. Cool features, user friendly interface.
Has all the info i need n its FREE
Very nice app. I love it!!!!!
It's awesome 
Very useful and helpful 
Important info that I need
This is a very handy app I downloaded it about 6 months ago and been using it since. I use it most to look for flights and they're always the cheapest.
Good
Great!
It keeps things orderly
Use it 2x a week at least
This app is fantastic. It has a lot of search controls to hone in on the right flight at the right price.
Awesome app. Period.
Awesome!!
I've tried and deleted most all other travel related apps. This is the best of the non-airline sponsored apps out there. Look no further.
You are the best 
We got a text message and email from Kayak this morning alerting us thy our flight had been cancelled. Our airline would have flown us to our first connection then left us stranded overnight. Why can Kayak, a free service, contact people easily but an airline who charged us $2000 can't manage it? 

Plus, great interface, good website, fun to use. And free! A winner.
Great app. The best of all around travel apps
Kayak, as a way to buy tickets works well only when you are buying from Kayak. The payment interface in this case is good. But if you get directed off site, for example to Orbitz, the process is inefficient, the screens are too small for all the info entry, and if you make a mistake, you start again from scratch.
I use it frequently, love this app!!! Not as comprehensive as the web version, but still fantastic!
Recommend
You always find the best options
G
Very good app especially the flight state. I am using it all the time to know the prizes.
Bom layout, prático e funciona! 

Poderia ter os preços dos vôos em real.

Vale a pena, tem muito para crescer.
Great app
Easy to use, makes travelling ultra easy
Great app for tracking trip details like flight info, flight status, gate changes, hotel reservation, rental car reservation, and train reservation details. I never need to print out a confirmation email again because Kayak aggregates all of this info in one spot. The ability to find additional flights, hotels, etc. is a bonus too.
Nice interface, great features. Crashes on occasion but very rarely.
I rarely write reviews of apps unless I find them either really bad or simply outstanding. The Kayak app is definitely the later. This is a true one-stop app for travellers. I'm so impressed with the breadth of it's offerings, it's easy navigation and over all design. Great job!
I was using Tripit, but you might be better. I love the packing lists. Really one stop shopping when it comes to travel.
Great! A must have app!
Sloths updates for phone and app are current. Everytime I check for flight status, it closes app. Search is good except it doesnt save last search location
I live this app. Does exactly what you expect.
Works great. Used several times. Great details and hotel pics. Makes it easier to find a place to stay!!!
Could use a few minor tweaks but great app.
Amazing hotel finding app. Easily best one I've used yet. Just as good as using a normal computer and search through full websites.
Good job, kayak! Easy to use, simple; flawless.
Logical and intuitive interface, quick and responsive, exceeds expectations
Easy to use, lots of trip alerts & options.
A good app when I'm on the road. But I've not booked from it yet.
Best fares from your fingertips!!! Thank you Kayak!!
Easy to use and convenient.
Great App!
Better than web version!
Kayak.com is the best place to shop for plane tickets, and their app is just as wonderful!
Love this app- easy and fun to navigate!
Hands down, this app is probably one of the best travel companion app out there...  I replaced the dependable USAToday travel app with this one.
Quick, easy to use, best travel app there is.
Great - it's my go to travel app.
This one works!  Lots don't.  Use this one.
I like all the features. Well designed. User friendly. Kudos to kayak.
I love using this app for checking updates on flight prices. It has served me well in all my travels arrangements.
fast, easy, free. way easier than using the actual websites.
Quick and dirty 
I think its better than the website:)
Really holds up to the web page. Very helpful.
Best app in Travel!
This app is every bit as functional as the browser-based one. I completed a purchase started with Kayak Mobile and zero problems.  Getting to keep various routes and days helped immensely in trip planning. 
Great job!!!
Love it!
Great for tracking down the best prices for spur of the moment travel.
Utterly perfect travel utility that is better on iPhone and iPad than it is on a computer.
Unbelievably useful app.
100% useful
This app is really good and helpful, thank to all who create it, and I want more and more.
This app is very useful.
Useful site
Works as advertised.
Great apps
It does it all, I like the checklist functionality.
Great app, really impressive functionality!
Great app!
The prices you get on the app are not consistent with the prices on kayak's main site! Having to check the website on a desktop machine makes this app superfluous. The prices on here are high by several hundred dollars and are basically a tax on the lazy and those without access to a computer.
I like it
Incredible app. It's only gotten better and better!

PS. Check out kayak.com/explore....literally my favorite website.
Very handy for multiple city itinerary.
I used kayak for the first time today. When checking the status of my AirTran Flight it kept saying it was on time yet the flight was delayed by 3 hours. Out of curiosity I checked much later that evening and the app showed an on time delivery. Again...we landed 3 hours late. How can I rely on the app?
Logging in to add my upcoming flight details. Will tell me my flight status and what terminal to tell the cabbie. I use this app for wert flight.
Es lo mejor q hay esta bien detallada
Great app but still needs more updates to be like the website. Good job with kayak :)
Good app. But need more sources
Great app!
Like it!
Better than the website in every way.
Awesome app. Way better than tripit. I would really like the ability to share my itineraries with family and friends who don't have a Kayak login. And is that link only viewable on mobile devices?
Very useful app.
Fantastic app. Looks great works better.
.
Really cool app. Good user interface, flexible options and you can set fare alerts for email, push notification or both. It even links you to the carrier websites to buy. And it's free!
But can't choose flexible date!
Great for travel
Functional.
I wear out travel sites, but this one is the best by far for int'l and domestic trips.
Easy to use and it gives lots of options
Can't complain, this app is great. Does everything it is intended to do.
I was able to quickly and effectively search for a flight that was very reasonable!! This year I moved away from my family so I'll be back and forth from NY to Detroit alot, this app will come in handy! Thanks Kayak!
I fly international and this App is limited to domestic airports only.
I'd seen the commercials, but didn't really know what this was. Since it was a free app I decided to DL it and check it out. I discovered it really has a lot of useful tools to help plan your trip. It kind of is a one-stop-shopping place. I like how it has a lot of info built into the app and what it doesn't already list, it has links links directly to a travel company websites for more details. I haven't tried booking a reservation through Kayak yet., bit I need to find a hotel room for a trip next month so we'll how that works out. This app is definitely worth the download!
This app is incredible. I only installed this app to earn free points on MegaJump. It turns out that this app is really useful. I used this app to book hotel rooms for bargain basement prices. You can sort your searches by location, cheapest, classy, and others. It would be nice to add a feature that would couple a few qualifiers such as closest cheap hotels. But all in all I give five stars! Very useful.
So helpful
Really good app to find nice deals  !!
Pretty helpful
This is realy helpful
Good app that will provide you with some quick and cheap pricing. The best part is when you send the application referral e-mail to any of your contacts... Download it and you'll see what I'm talking about.
I would give this app 5 stars, but in order to do so it would need Amtrak fares as well.
A great app for travelers. Has everything you need to plan and while on the go. Easy to use interface. Would have given 5 stars but was missing the St. Louis Airport which is a major airport compared to some listed. PLEASE ADD IT IN NEXT UPDATE!!
I use it every day! Great, great, great app!!!
New version for IOS4.2 crashes 100% of the time when using cool new flight status feature and alerts. Can I revert to old version?
Great app. Very easy to use. Interface is very user friendly.  All the options a traveler needs are included in this app. Best way to search hotels.
Not cool
I have L0VED! This App ever since it came out.. the updates are sweet!
I love this app it has saved me a couple times and always finds great deals
It's a very useful app.
The Kayak application is definitely the most powerful and thorough flight search application I have ever used. When combined with the unique features of the iPhone interface, and real-time search updating with intuitive search modifications for people with most any need, be it time or price or airport options, airline restrictions and more, it just doesnt get any better than this. 

Personally, I am in a place in life right now where I am traveling almost constantly and I can't put this app down. When combined with the southwest, priceline, flight update and weather app, you really have a powerhouse travel agency at your fingertips.
Great customization and simple. Found the best rate on this immediately. Wasted hours of research after I already found the best rate on here. So it proved to find the best flight for me. Win
It's a nice app but the trip feature does not work. Even though a trip is added to my account and I can see it online, the app won't show the trip. Otherwise awesome app.
Even after restarting the phone, it just crashes when you touch Flight Status. Doesn't anyone test these apps?
Very useful while planning the travel and during the journey as well.
Just a great app.
It is fast and gives all the options. Available with great ease of use
I am trying to check my Aunt's flight status but whenever I type in all the information on "Flight Status" it just x's me off the app! I have tryed 4 times and it hasn't worked ANY time!
It has many many options! One of my favorites is the packing checklist!
A huge congrats to the development team on an excellent application. Like its web-based big brother, it is intuitive, easy to use, full featured, fast and just pleasant to look at and interact. Great job Kayak!
Thank you!
Really like this app
Love this app. Super easy to use, and in my opinion, easier to use than the PC website or the mobile website. Best travel app I've downloaded, and I've downloaded quite a few.
Has some problems with applying time filters. Sometimes the filters go through and sometimes they don't. Otherwise a great app.
Only knock is that it doesn't give the total cost of the flight including taxes & fees until you tell it to book the flight. Other than that, it is very user friendly and fun to use!
It doesn't matter if you are a frequent traveler or planning your first trip, this app is a must have. It has everything you need or all types of trips. Do download it, it will help you very much.
This app is a great resource for planning a trip.  First place I go  on the iphone when needing flight prices and options.
This is the best app ever!!!!
Cool
If you travel, you NEED this app!
I was planning a trip to Vegas and some of the total costs that were displayed were not the total costs that the websites were giving! Other than that it's easy to use and has a wide array of selections!!!!! I really luv it!
This is a great app, except that I have trouble running it on my iPad. There are also many glitches, but I guess that's what u should expect from free apps like this.  If u want to buy other apps but don't have the money, download the free app "Checkpoints" and use the code "babbehmom" for sign-up and u will get bunch of free gifts, such as $15-$30 iTunes giftcards
very useful
Muy buena la aplicacion la recomiendo
The only update I really would like is to be able to update trips within the app like on the website. (for when you make a change in your trip like many of us do frequently)
Appart that there is no way to input a baby passenger, the app works fine!
Pls update the kayak app so you can quote adults and babies.!! Then i wll rate this app with 5 stars.
But this app is amazingly helpful! Found the best hotels to suit our needs. Compares prices of different hotels side to side.. Useful for other things too! HIGHLY recommended!!!
Man, I last used Kayak back when most people thought the web could only be accessed through AOL or Prodigy...until this app! I see I missed out on a lot in between. I've never had a problem w Kayak; the data is reliable and I find the app interface so usable I even prefer it to the computer. Guess I'm back where I started -- and happy with it!
Shows prices that no longer exist, so it makes the whole search worthless. I won't touch Kaysk until they drop Orbitz from the search or fix that problem. It's already ended up costing me way too much money and aggravation.
I'd have paid for this app! It's really smooth and intuitive, works like a charm! Has a great deal of options, connects to external sites to buy tickets. I was pleasantly surprised to discover a whole second page with options!

Love the packing lists and that you can edit them. I wish I could make new packing lists. Seems like all components are there to do it, I just can't find an Add List button. Love the app though and highly recommend it !
great app. i always use this to check prices for my travel. also the kool new updates like the converter alerts etc.
Very useful app!!
Very useful for free.
Thank you guys for providing all these great features ad free!
I think this app is user friendly and efficient.  Would absolutely recommend it to anyone that frequently searches for flights.
Love this app. Works great!
Makes searching so easy thank u kayak for an awesome free app
그냉
Nicely organizes all my trips in one place. Highly recommended.
Yeah this thing is amazinngggg!
Works well most of the time, crashes here and there. I use it to get a sense of pricing, but always book with a travel agent, as everyone should. My travel agent can usually beat any price, but even if their price is the same, plus commission, it's well worth it (as any frequent flyer knows).
Love this! I simply whip through my travel planning. I have it installed on my iPad!
I've been planning a trip recently to Tahoe and this app has been a lifesaver! I can literally plan-out and purchase just about everything for my vacation through this app! All the features work seamlessly and the ease of use is remarkable! Even allows u to send a maps with your location to others which is super smart! (Haven't used it yet but I feel it will be very useful later!) 2 thumbs up!
Almost... But it is a great app and the only thing I use to search for flights from my iPhone. It's fast and flexible
!
Love it
Send your various confirmation emails to Kayak and it builds a consolidated itinerary.
Great!!!
This app is the jam.
Great App. Very user friendly
Great
Easy. Great way to quickly find good deals. Cheapest flights.
Easy to use when away from my desktop!
:)
Poorly designed App. Should open with option to identify city to which one wants to travel; instead app keeps trying to load all nearby cities.
Best app ever but should have games in it for while you wait
No real complaints.
Excellent app that provides almost all of the capabilities of the web site. Have been using it since version 1 and like that they have improved it steadily.
It's  one of most useful app... Pretty simple also...
Anyone who forces me to review gets 1 star.
Great app!!
I love to travel, so this is honestly most used app! Get it, you'll love it too!
Pretty tight. Good job, guys.
Makes traveling easy and fun.
There is no way you can write anything negative about this application. It is absolutely, positively the best app out there for making travel arrangements on the iPhone/iPad
Very easy to use!
Finds the lowest price
This is e greatest app for the buck, I use it all the time, good job guys, keep up the good work
It's a pleasure to use. Good translation of web to app.
Wonderful interface, simple, easy and free.
Accurate info anthems flights and the fare
This is a great app up until it freezes or crashes!  I have uninstalled it and reinstalled it several times, but it always crashes.  Please fix!!
Plan a trip at your fingertips, easy to use.
I liked it.
Helpful
I'm always fumbling with my iteneraries and using multiple browsers...this makes my jet setting life just that much less hectic
Kayak app is my first choice for searching for airfares and other travel choices. I have this app on both my iPhone and the iPad. It is even better on the iPad with the larger screen. Screen layout and search options work great.
Everything you need - right here.
Great app. I just wish I could buy right from the app without having to switch to my browser. Please make this possible in the future.
As a small business flying around the US can become hectic with flights and schedules to keep up with. Kayak, not only makes it easier to search for the lowest prices out there....make sure to use the trips icon which let's you store your trip info, such as flight, hotel, and car details, all in one app! I'm so glad I have come to familiarized with this app...I strongly recommend you use it!
The best app
The best multiple app ever!!!!
Not only is this one of the best-written apps I've seen, but the Kayak support team is super friendly, personable, and helpful!  Kayak is my new favorite website!
So many options to look at flights! Time, airline, landing, direct.... So easy to use and understand great job
Everything on the app is good, apart from flight status which is very inaccurate.  Do not rely on this for actual status of flights.
I use this app for most travel planning. It has tons of info and is very user friendly.
If Kayak were a lady, i would have married her. This is the first day I am using Kayak app and I am just browsing it as if playing game. I bet I am going to have a long relationship with this app.
This is and AWSOME APP..I Like the fact that I can get Alerts on when Prices are lower for Flights.This is Very useful for me when Planning My Summer Vacation.
Easy to use, and works just like described.
Finds some cheap flights!
I found this to be the most efficient and easy to use travel aggregator I've used so far. Nice app!
The best app for travel!!
Simple, all in one, excelent interface, all details cover and free
A good useful App.
Great app! Super easy to use and always a great deal.
Great app
Great App!
Great app!
This is a amazing app! It does everything as advertised. Searches take minutes to find anything. Recommend to all
Little slow but great!
I use this regularly to track upcoming trips. It saves recent queries so you return to where you left your last search
cant ask for anything more, excellent app, a download must
I love this app
These guys have improved this app so much over time. Baggage fees and phone #'s for all major airlines? A packing list, fare alerts, and detailed airport directories? CURRENCY CONVERTER? What will they think of next?  Highly recommended.
Overall the application is great.
Convenient setting, good search engine.
Very impressive app, very useful, and very practical. You have everything at your fingertip. From hotel to flight, from car rental to baggage check, and even tracking your flight. This app is a must have.
A must have, very handy
This app just keeps getting better and better with frequent updates and new features. I actually think it's better than the desktop version. Well worth the download.
This is easily the best app in the store.
Kayak was already great on the web for cheap flights and now an app it's just awesome!!!
Great app!! So many things you can do!! You guys read my mind about the flexible dates! Please add a filter to adjust layover times tho. Some flights are 12hours stuck in another country.. It'd be really nice to eliminate those if possible..Thanks!!!
Great app! Works awesome and best free app for this need! Would easily give it 5 stars if on the map with the cool blinking plane it also showed a route pattern the plane would be taking. In other words a line from point "a" to point "b"! Keep up the good work guys!!!
Kayak just works. The only feature I would recommend for mobile users is the ability to see and compare airfare prices listed by days of week. This would help users so they don't have rerun a search query.
Great app that has a better price
Quick, easy, comprehensive app. ideal for looking for flights etc.
It works for what I need and it is fast and simple. I like this app a lot.
The app is both useful and fun! It has lots of features that are quirky but cool. Like being able to send a friend an email with a map of where you are from in the app. And it has a list of major airlines, a currency converter, the ability to set alerts, etc., which round it out as a travel app.
Very helpful and easy to use !
A little frustrating if I am doing a lot of searching and definitely not as good as the website, but still worth keeping.
Heat interface, great results!
I wish it would have worked.  But it keeps crashing instead.
Love it
Love the App - just like the website - very easy - helped me out a few times when needing a quick one stop price
Great app
Love this app! The only problem (and it is a big concern) is the inability to purchase insurance when buying airline tickets. Other than that, this is a wonderful way to find the lowest price on a flight (without long layovers!) Easy search, easy purchase, and Kayak charges NO FEES.
Love it!
Love this app. No issues.
It works great
Easier than searching online with kayak!
Grossly overpriced!
this app makes booking flights really easy to do on the go. I don't even need to check other sites before confidently hitting that "purchase" button.
Would recommend
This is my first choice when searching for flights and rooms. I'd give it a 5 if it searched the airline sites better.
Great app
Great app always low prices and easy to book
I like it
Very helpful! Good prices!
Very stable, user friendly, reasonably fast, intuitive.
Great app that is well designed and very useful.
Flying all over the US for interviews and seriously, I'd be lost without it! Especially bc I'm not using a single airline for all my travels. This app keeps everything together in one place.
This is a good app.gets an (A+)
This app would be awesome if it could run for more than 30 seconds without crashing.
This app is completely a must have if you are a traveler, interested in traveling, or planning for someone else. By far my favorite app, only 4 stars because I only wish it had cruise info. Download it now!!!
Great. Does what they claim
keep up the good work!
Great app, no reason not to add it to your front page.
Just awesome....
Nice app, booked my whole trip on one app: hotel, car and airfare...easy!
This app is easy to use and quick
I really like Kayak's iPhone app! The custom fare tracker alerts are great and it's so easy to check on flight costs, plus it has so many other features built in. Great job!
Great app!!!
Great app, easy to use.
Great app. Best prices on airline tickets.
As good as it could be.
Excelent app!
Perfect app!
I built my trip information in the kayak site, then it shows in the iPhone.  The information is well organized and displayed.   Suggestion: 1. Need revision function in the iPhone version. 2. New function for entering the expense during the travel.  
Overall, good job.  It's a great app.
I like it
I used it the best for me because it is help me to find any thing
This app is so useful, it has so much information! This will definitely save you a lot of time!!
Very useful app. Planning trip out west using this app. When I land, I'll use it again to find a car rental.
The site is okay at best.
Does everything as described! Great app with a lot of information, great management of trips features!
Useless it's not working get triptracker it's way better and accurate.
This app does what is says.
Very helpful.
Get this app n stop asking questions :-)
Great app for all around price comparison. I wish purchasing ticket would be part of the app though.
Great deals and info for all my travel
Very useful, love it!
Intuitive, easy to use and created with the user in mind. Bravo! Should come standard with every smartphone.
Handy to have.
Easy and direct!
Perfect for consolidation and on the go changes
Very useful for travel.
Great free app, especially for the frequent traveller.
I used this to book a trip a while ago, and it was great. But I got inspired to write a review about its awesomeness after using the flight tracker to monitor my friend's flights. Amazing, especially considering that it's free!! I heart Kayak.
I love this app! I was able to find a cheap flight for my friend and it has all of the features that the regular site has on a computer. It's so easy to use and it's nice to be able to look at something when you want to. Totally recommend this app to anyone who wants to make travel planning easier for them!
This app has really helped me find flights that I need at a low price and it's really intuitive to use
It's very user friendly and it was very helpful when I received a notification of a price alert so I can go home for a vacation.
Great app. The app was easy and saved me some money.
Great app for travellers.  Good way to plan out an agenda and send to everyone.
We look up flight prices all the time-so quick to use & get an idea about travel plans in a flash. Highly recommend this app for frequent travelers.
Very nice app.
I like the trip organizer, which acts like the app called " trip it"
Love the flight tracker
Z
Exellent App. Very well designed and gives what you need.
I still don't like apps that only provide interfaces to web pages that one can already access.
So easy to use and keeps trips organized for you.
Best travel app
Me encanto mucho, facil de manejar y exelentes precios!!!
Super helpful. Try it out!
This is a must have app for anyone thinking about traveling. Easy to use interface makes it easy to find and purchase what ever you need to get where your going.
Good job developer! Excellent features, clean layout, very useful app for travelers!
Just what is needed. Great interface. Befitting app for the iPhone
? I only download this app for some start for another game and I still didn't get my starts :(
Awesome
It's been a good app. What else is there to say.  When I want to go somewhere I use it.
Everything you could want while traveling and more!!
Love the tracker, beacon and packing list
It helps me alot when planning any kind of trips
Quick results and variety of search options. Great for new and current Kayak users.
Blahhh
Well ?
Great app
Very good
Exactly ok
Kayak.com is already an awesome site. App is well done and easy to use.
Good app
Awesome app!
Pretty cool app!
Very good simple to use app. Has everything! Love it!
Just a darn good app!
Great way to find the best deals in one app
Does everything I need in one app. Froze a couple of times which I had to delete and reinstall to get it working again but still a great app overall.
Great travel app
Awesomeeeeeeeeee!  Life saver.  Even if im not flying its nice to check the prices of hypothetical flights to give you an idea on prices.
Great search engine app for everything. I use it all the game. Very easy to use.
Is quicker and easier to use than the web. The carry on pack list and and other tools are a friendly touch. Could be better if you could apply trip packages (car, hotel, flight,) instead of doing them separate
On a recent trip, kayak sent me an alert that our flight was delayed by an hour. UsAirways sent no such alert and therefore we would have missed our connection. As a result of the Kayak alert I called the airline and they were able to put us on an earlier flight. Thank you Kayak!
My Jetblue flight was delayed by one hour, KAYAK showed that delay immediately, I asked the Jetblue checkin and they confirmed the delay. Believe it or not but the airport display in Seattle did not show the delay for 1 hour! Also other iPhone apps did not show the delay either. I enjoyed the extra time in the airport bookstore and arrived on time at the gate. Thanks KAYAK for the hasslefree extra hour.
Quick accurate info, love it!
Cool
This is a great app. It's very easy to use and it's not cluttered with unnecessary graphics.

The Kayak app is like having several travel apps consolidated into just one app. :-)
Simple , does not crash, best travel app tho bing is my favorite
Has all the functionality as the website.
Use their website all the time to find cheap flights.  Their app is almost as functional working with a lot less real estate, and I was just looking for a flight departure/arrival app when I realize that this Kayak app give me that info too.
The flight tracking feature is a trip!! Like the fact that you can get all kind of travel info.
It's a nice app. The car area was excellent in getting us a car when we arrived.
I would have given this app 5 stars if I were able to book and pay for my flight within the app itself instead of having to "call the airline" or go to a separate website. Otherwise excellent. And free! Good job!
It's quick and easy searching for flights. It's a great app!
I go to this app for all my travel planning. I just wish it wouldn't crash. It doesn't do it too frequently.
Excellent app for travel. The best I've used so far. Very functional. Not as intuitive as I'd like. Example - not obvious how to choose to search flights with a flexible date range.
The best of it's kind, no contest!!
Everything for travel all in one
No complaints
Clean design, simple yet very powerful search engine.  This app should receive an award for ease of use.  One of my favorites!! Thanks to the developer.
I travel every week and I can't live without this app!!
I love this app and especially the Trips feature. I just discovered this after returning from a NYC trip when I used the TripIt app. After having compared both itineraries, I preferred Tripit's display because it was larger, easier to understand and had details that Kayak did not that I thought were important. I took the train, so knowing the details of train number and type was very useful when reading train schedules at the station since my stop was not displayed at the station (since it was a midway stop) So I guess to sum it up:

1. Make the display in Trip section larger. 
2. Format it similar to TripIt
3. Provide more details such as train/flight number, type, etc. 

Overall, the rest of the app is 5 star. Would be 5 star for Trips if it was more like TripIt. I'd really prefer to not use two apps when Kayak could be my one stop app :)
Still crashes upon selecting flights to track, even after the update that supposedly fixed the problem. The seperate kayak flight tracker app doesn't have this problem so I know they are capable of making it work right.
Everything about this app is great. Beacon feature, trips, flight statuses, airline fees, ETC are executed elegantly.
Keeps getting better, thanks Kayak!
Great for real-time flight pricing
Great app
I use app anytime I travel.
Very easy to use and provides all one needs for a successful travel experience.
If you love "regular" Kayak, you'll enjoy this app. Function is more than you'd expect in app (ability to search multiple dates AND/or narrow results by very specific criteria).  Great to use on the go!
Easy to look up and book flights!
+1 internets
I've always liked the kayak.com search tool. The nobile version is as good as the website.
I'm not what you would call a seasoned traveler but this app has made traveling much less nerve wracking!
This is a great app for travel on the go
Nice app. I just would like to be able to build an entire trip with taxes etc. and have the prices auto update so o don't have to price out a trip again. Saving the built itinerary would be nice too.
Good but a little slow
what happened to kayak? it doesn't open anymore. I deleted and tries to reload and now a gray icon in mid load is all I have. please fix!!
No problems using app - works great & I compared to expedia and prices were right on
This is the best flight search I have found.
Love it!
Saves a lot  of time. A must have app.
Excellent tool for travel
I love the ability to use the time slider to pick my needed departure and arrival times.  Eager to learn more about the other features.  This is the only app I use for planning flights.
Only place I'll use now for plane tickets.
Much more robust - easy to use. So far I've only researched flights but very impressed by speed and usability. Nice work!
I haven't used it for a trip yet but I've got one planned and I love that I can just send an email and it organizes my flight!!
My favorite travel site. No frills, smart and user-friendly.
Awesome app...I love it...
Nice interface - great features!  Very useful app!!! Great job!
On word : PERFECT
I love this app. It will totally help you with your travel plans and compares prices so you can decide on what you want to do! 
Easy to use and saves money
Really easy to use, great job!
Very useful and complete app
Great app!
Nice, app!
Great app, no doubt.
I love you online. I love you even more on my phone!
Simple and powerful :-)
Good app.  Easy.
Well made app. Helps a soldier find the cheapest flights home.
Easy to use, time saver!
Best travel app I have used yet!!!!!
This app is so comprehensive & easy to use, I think it might even be better than using the Internet! Searches load quickly and are easy to filter down, details & pics are right there, and it finds good hotel & flight deals. Love that you can see a directory of cafes & stores in your airport, and the accessible list of airline baggage fees.
I found some of the navigation around the app a bit on the confusing/roundabout way, but I love being able to compare prices of airlines ad check dates. I use it all the time.
I love this app! No matter where I want to go this app is there to help me make my travel plans! 5 stars and 2 thumbs up! The Kayak App Rocks!
Really useful when you are traveling without a computer.
Easy to use, can't believe it's free!!
Easy to use, very convienient. Love it.
Kayak just can't be beat in function or style with this app. Love it.
Great app
After using the others, I've found I get all the travel planning I need done with this App alone! Easy to use and so convenient!
Flight Status is covered with gray and something I can't see after the status refresh. 
and please, hour and minute part of flight status should be a real split-flap display alike.
I love it!
This is the best travel app ever, but the new version leaves the GPS on CONSTANTLY, even when the app is completely closed. It's a battery killer and the only option is to turn location services off for this app, which kills it's ability to find flights, travel, etc from your current location. Please fix this!!!
Love the web and the app
Really enjoy the upgraded features this time around. The search function is much clearer and user-friendly
One of the best Apps in the market very organized and detailed. It is exactly what a frequent and non frequent  traveler needs. The packing list is great I can enter a reminder for things that I need to take with me for my future travel plans. 5 
Sweet app. Easy to use. Very helpful! Thanks Kayak :)
My god this app is amazing. It does everything and looks great. Fast full of info and easy. A travelers dream! Thanks
Good app
Works well!
This is a great app for travelers on the go.
Awesome
Good stuff works well thanks!
The new functionality is good but the new version also introduced a bug where you cannot search for flights to nearby airports. As a result flight search does not have as many options as the ITA software travel app (OnTheFly).
Excellent improvements! Love the Fare Alerts feature.
Best travel app hands down
Love it.
Best travel app ever!!
Easy to use
Beware the beacon feature is constantly tracking you even when u exit the app.  The only way to fix this issue is to turn off kayak location service in settings
Excellent app. Just booked my flight, hotel, and car In just a few minutes.
Amazing
Totally a great app!!
It won't let me change anything or do any searches. It's stuck on LA, which is thousands of miles off. Seems the interface doesn't respond at all to touch.
No complaints from me, maybe make it a little faster, otherwise looks great and I get a ton of use out of it.
Awesomeness!
Easy to use and so convenient!
This app will make your travel planning a whole lot easier!
Kayak is the best travel site and this app rocks!
Gets better with every update!!!!
Convenient and quick (:
Love the interface. Easy to use.
Fantastic easy to use app.
can't complain
I've been using this app for months now and have had few complaints, but the latest update has rendered the flight status tracker function completely useless. This used to be very helpful and was always easy to use. Now, however, it is neither: as soon as I select the flight I would like to track (if I even get that far), the app crashes. After six attempts (using different search approaches), and six crashes, I've given up. Please fix this!
Very helpful!  Love the FREE price!
Best app for biz traveler
In general the app looks great. But the location service in the latest version seems to be broken.
Keeps getting better with each release.  This is my go to app when traveling.
I just wish you could book hotel flight and car as pkg. That would be awesome.
Best travel app
Great deals to be found using this app!!
Very good
Now that I've used beacon one time the app causes the gps to stay locked on unless I manually close the app or turn off location services.
And it's free!
Update:  I can't believe it but they made it even better.

Update:  and better (love the airport info)

If you're complaining about having to go to safari, you're missing the point of the app.  You don't book through Kayak, idiots, you book through the actual site, meaning it would be impossible to book on the app.

Update:   Has become the Swiss army knife of travel apps

Good concept, but the prices are never the lowest ones. Even when it refers you to orbits prices, if you go to the websites they always have different prices. Travelocity orbits and chepoair have much lower prices. Please fix. Would love to purchase tickets from app but way too expensive. Last flight I looked up was $200 higher than Travelocity!!! Please fix!
Love this app and the frequent updates - especially Kayak Trips!
Fast, responsive, never buggy. Highly recommended, and forget about all other competitors. Nothing matches Kayak.com.

Best thing is, they'll keep on refining it and improving it. 

Kudos for Kayak.com!!!
This app keeps on getting better and better. Great job kayak people! 
I once suggested to add currency converter, now it's here! Thanks kayak! One star added..
Great improvement. Thanks. Love it.
This app was good when first downloaded. But, after it did a update, this thing is now crashed. It won't recognize a simple airlines like United. Fix this thing.
By far, the best consolidated travel site! I have been a user for years and recently started using from my iPhone. It works the same as the website less The Buzz section. I just booked a trip to Europe through AA and it could not have gone smoother. Thanks for
making it easy and useful w/o any garbage on the screen. This app will save you time checking a dozen sites.
Used to love this app now it crashes when you try to enter airports. Please fix this and my rating will go back to 5 stars but until then DON'T BOTHER DOWNLOADING this app it's USELESS right now 
I really like this app.
Love kayak on computer but this app is now totally useless. Crashes out when trying to enter airports or dates. Please fix this.
So simple to use and it is set up perfectly! I have AAA and their app is bogus- this is great!!
Finally redownloaded this and see results for Continental Airlines results are now showing! Thanks
Just took a 3350 mile car trip from Las Vegas to Seattle and back with no hotel reservations made in advance.  Using Kayak made this "flying without a net" approach work to perfection.  Being able to sort hotels/motels by price, classy or nearby couldn't have been easier.  Pics in most cases, descriptions and then tap to call and then either look on the included map or copy the address into Maps and get iPhone navi.  Nice job!
Keeps crashing when trying to put in flight details. Not worth trouble
I sincerely question an app that gives 3 stars to a motel that is quite possibly the worst motel/hotel I have ever been in (not to name names, but its called the Park Entrance OceanFront Motel in Bar Harbor, Maine- please don't go there people!). It also crashed a number of times
Loving it so far. Nice simple UI and it's FREE
This is a fantastic app. I love the clean and easy to use layout, but mostly I live that I can book a flight directly from my phone and that it stores the info for the flight so it's super easy to find. Plus, it's free so great all around.
Great app but it keeps crashing
This app kept showing my flight as "on time."  Good thing I went to the Continental Airlines site and found out on my own. I'll never rely on this piece of crap.
Very usable interface with all the features of the site. Great app! :-)
It's easy n fast app... And it's free
Does everything I use the web version for, but with a much more simple interface. Quickly becoming one of my most used apps. Thanks, Kayak!
This app doesn't do anything you can't do on google or any search engine. Don't waste your time downloading it.
This is the best flight search app available. Does not let you book but the mobile purchase experience provided by airlines and other travel providers is subpar anyway so no real disadvantage there. Kayak's Search far exceeds that of SWA and AA iPhone apps (and those are both very good apps).
First time I tried to use it it took me to iTunes and said I needed to buy the app fro $0.99 before I could use the options I chose. What a crock. Travel apps are free. What are they thinking?
Two words... Love it!!!
So far the best travel app I've tried and I've tried alot!
My only request is to add mote information to trips like gate info and seat info. Also the luggage pickup carrousel info. 
Also an ability to add trips directly in the app by using a locator code or confirmation number would be great as well. When you guys do that Tripcase is history!
Keep up the great work!
Great app for finding and booking airfare however it lacks a flexible date capability for travel dates. I would book more on the app rather than online if it offered this feature.
I've used kayak.com for years. Was thrilled to find the app for my phone. I'd say that this works even better on my iPhone than on my laptop!! Thanks for making it so quick and easy to use!!
حلو شباب
Totally saved me and my family a ton of headache when our travel plans got turned around.  Awesome work and a should be on any travelers phone.
Great
Nice App
It has relevant information but for some reason when you download it's called kayak M13!
Great travel app to search flights, hotels, etc. The weird thing is my Kayak is called "Kayak M13" on my iPhone. Weird.
Used it immediately after downloading it, was really impressed with its speed and availability of information.
Search for car rentals, flights, hotels, etc. Give you the same filters as you do on their website.
this app is great. Like all apps, I could criticise this one to death over minor details but I wont. Thats because its helped me find TONS of options - FAST!  A sort by price option for hotels would be nice but it works well even without it.
Won't connect to the internet, which unfortunately is pretty necessary for the app to actually do anything useful.
Everytime I search online I find cheaper flights with the same airlines they use on Kayak
Very slick transitions, super job on graphics.  Clearly organized.  Nice work, guys!
But this app version needs serious work.
Easy to use app but it would be great to be able to save flight information on a flight your thinking about and get messages on whether the fare has gone up or down
This app helped me to save 600$. The Buzz is the best. Highly recommend
It does what it is supposed to perfectly - but the interface is a little slow and clumsy, and often jerky.
App is better then I expected. But trying to fin out how to save searched flights. Great tool for the traveler.
Average for most of it's services, but gets confused over flight times spanning different days - Kayak reports the wrong days: this alone makes it questionable as a flight tracker.
It just made my traveling a lot more fun and easy! Best traveling app on iTunes store!
This app would of gotten 5 stars if it wasn't for two things:

1.) You get better pricing from their actual website. I don't know if it's a glitch or if they think iPhone users can afford more.

2.) I wish you could book package deals through here, like flight+hotel option or flight+hotel+event.

Add these on and nothing would even come close to this app in booking vacations.
I use Kayak mobile mostly to book hotels when I need to find something fast and I don't want to pay a fortune. The app delivers and simplifies my life. 

There are some ads in the free version but not too disruptive.
While this app is very cool and I love the ease and search capabilities, I'd totally give this app 5 stars if only they would include package options. I'd like to see hotel/airfare/car combos for all over the world. Currently I use several sites for that, would love for it all to be in one app!
It was great until after about 4 minutes of use.  Then it crashed and it hasn't come back.
Love the potential but...

1. You can't create a new trip from the app. You have to do it from their website. 
2.  They link to all kinds of sites to book reservations (good). But it jabot even linked to their own website to easily create trips. 
3. The ads are not pictured in the store, but they are on the app. 

Kayak devs... Are there ads in the pay version?
Absolutely love this app! Best travel app out there!
This is a very useful app. I think this is a traveler must have app. Plus, it's FREE!! Two thumbs up!!
Multiple segments would be very useful for some searches  but it's great for me as-is.
The new release of this app is far more stable. They have improved the interface and it is more appealing. Have used several times without trouble.
Pretty great but needs more lines besides that everything's awesome 
I looked all over for an app for flights. Most of the airlines do not provide an app and if you do find one, it's just for one airline.  This app provides flight info for all the major airlines, including European travel. I think you'll like this.

Regarding hotels, you may want to check travel books or travel agents so you don't get stuck in a hotel near the airport and far from town.
Needs to get fixed pronto!
This app stinks. Doesn't include all airports and prices. Told me the cheapest price was 219 from PA to FL. Found a price of 120 round trip on airline website. That's a 100 dollar savings just from doing a little homework. Per person x 3 people flying.  You do the math!  App deleted!
I've tried them all. This one gives you the most correct data and automatically sends to to the website of the airline, hotel or car rental agency you have chosen. 
I have reviewed others. This is the best. 
Follow me @ratedgforgeek on Twitter.
This is a fantastic app in general. Two things:

1) The flight tracker continues to change to today's date regardless of the day I select originally. First I select a flight that is 2 days from now, but as soon as I save it, the app changes the date to 1 day from now. The next time I refresh it changes to today's date.

2) Feature request: search using flexible dates.
None of the others work as smoothly.
Still... "call hotel to reserve"?! I want to do it from the app! That, sadly, can't be done.
Simple and does what it says !
Kayak constantly crashes and is therefore unusable at all. This is total junk. Kayak needs to have their heads examined to put out a piece of junk as this. Stick with their full web presence, which is an awesome tool.
As a frequent traveler and flier, I use the Kayak app often. I'm quite pleased with the new multi-city option. But one of my favorite things about kayak.com is the flexible departure and return date options. I hope that will be included in the next update. Thanks!
Really well done. I have been disappointed that United Airlines hasn't released an iPhone app, until I discovered all the tools in the Kayak app. Now I no longer need them to - This thing is sweet!
On top of being incredibly useful, this app has the best user interface of any app I've ever seen. I get frustrated with a lot of apps because the user interfaces are slow or lacking small but helpful features. The writers of the Kayak have paid attention to every single detail. I was blown away.
It did crash on me but, being a software engineer myself, I understand that bugs happen. I'm sure they'll fix them.
One feature request: in the airports view where different venders are listed and searchable, you should add airlines so we look up which terminal a particular airline is in when we're on the way to the airport.
The show con el coyote
Can't track a flight that I booked elsewhere although they say you can. Keeps crashing. So far not impressed.
This is what exactly what we need a simple search engine for flights. Thank you for creating such an app and making it free! Must have
Love the app! This saved me a bundle on my upcoming trip. Also has good speed. Would recommend it to all my buddies.
Excellent. Cool new stuff
Great app/update. Just one thing, the maps don't zoom anymore. Plz fix it, thanks.
New version crashes often.
What happened to "search nearby airports" and all these damn ads!!! Shouldn't have updated....
This is a fantastic app that just keeps getting better with each version. Thanks, Kayak
Awesome , I buy all my trips on kayak ( and yes they are many :)  , love the new update , I don't need to use my computer anymore , kayak Anywhere and everywhere ! Long live kayak !
Ability to narrow hotel searches by dragging and resizing a radius circle on a map is a great feature...great app for on-the-go planning.
Latest update is the best on-stop flight search out there. One minor bug: upgrade button tells you price of Pro version is $0.99 then takes you to app store where it's actually $1.99. Fix to avoid bait/stitch accusations.
Great app! Searches most travel websites and gives you THE BEST DEALS out there.goin to FL frm SEA on the 24th... Thanks KAYAK!!
How about a total time duration for the whole trip if more than one flight? Is that difficult to add?
I like the basic premise that Kayak brings to the table but I simply don't have the time to waste booking on multiple sites.  I find the entire process slow and a bit cumbersome. But the app is useful for those that have the time.
When I click to change locations I keep getting this error "Uh-oh, trouble connecting to Kayak. Try again." I removed and downloaded it again and I still get the message everytime I try to change the location.
What's up with this new icon..? totaly nonsense... I deleted this app because of that.
Perhaps I just don't understand the purported benefits of this application. Linking me to Orbitz is not what I need when searching for hotel. Nor is the hotel's telephone number. I need to specify the hotel I want and for the app to find the best deal for that hotel - using multiple sources. I can visit Orbitz.com in Safari all by myself. Besides, over half of the time Kayak app can't connect to its servers - on WiFi or 3G.
Definitely one of the best apps i've ever got. Fast and easy
Very good app. So far has been accurate. This one us a keeper.
Great so far, just like on the computer!
love this app!
When it hits the calendar to pick a date
Checks hundreds of flights in mere seconds. This app is a real time saver. Highly recommended. 
Sam R.
A very nice app, may I suggest you contacting app rebates and putting the free app in the list
Upgraded and it's not as lean and fast as before. Kind of clunky and forgets previous searches. Would love to roll back to the original.
Very good app for searching and book trips without a laptop or any computer. I book all my last travel with the help of this app.
NEED MORE!!! WHEN YOU PLAN TO RENT A CAR NOT HAVE THE OPTION TO RETURN THE CAR TO A DIFFERENT LOCATION!!!!! THIS IS EXTREMLY IMPORTANT FOR ME!!!!
I love how you can flick your finger to select date ranges. very cool. Please, wizards at Kayak, add flight status! Thanks
You really have to try it for yourself! Seriously it's that great
I THOUGHT this would end my having to drag a lap top with me everywhere. NOPE.  I was trying to get multiple flight prices to multiple destinations.  At one point it told me I had exceeded the allotted number of seraches?  Really? So, not all it's cracked up to be. 

Good app, but almost useless. It crashed way too much. Usually within 2 minutes of being in the app.
this app is exactly what it should be. I can't tell you the number of times I've used this while in an airport when my flight was goofed. it's a perfect app for last minute arrangements as well as planning ahead. I love the fact that you can save your trips (by simply forwarding confirmation emails!) and refer to them on the iPhone app while on the road. 

highly recommended for anyone who travels. 

(note: I'd love to have the ability to search for multi-destination flights)
This would be a great app but it locks you out for an indefinite period of time after just a few searches! I was locked out in the middle of something critical and it was really frustrating. Not clear whether you still get locked out if you pay, so I am looking for something more reliable.
Love this app!  It's fast and super easy to use.  My one complaint is that you can't set your preferred preferences so that every time you search it is already set and then you can adjust it, but considering it's free it's a pretty damn good app. I do wish you could search for best last minute deals from a departure city as well.  Maybe in the next version?!  : )
Surprisingly well written app, saves tons of time, it's so nice to have rates from different travel sites, and even from the hotels' own sites, all in one place. A pleasure to use, quick and easy, would definately recommend.
Nothing more you could ask for in a free travel app.
One stop shop for everything!!!!
Fast, smooth, simple. What else can you ask for. This app is great if you manage group travel and need travel info NOW!
Stunning app. Use it consistently. Updates have been awesome, but would love to see multiple segment/destination support.
This site is like a big brother always there when you want it but more important always there when you need it
Amazing app.... Love it just wish there were reviews of hotels, airlines, and places...
Great app. As long as I've emailed you my flight confirmations to generate a trip itinerary, why not track those flights for me?  Why ask me to input them into your tracker? You already have the information.
I'm a hotel GM, and the Kayak app is pretty cool, but there are some issues you should know about. Kayak partners with hotels in sometimes very round-about ways, and many times the rates they quote for my hotel are fairly unrelated to what I've actually authorized (usually much more expensive).  

Additionally, there seems to be an affiliated travel site (ReserveTravel) that marks the prices up astronomically, and does things like trick you into calling an 800 number supposedly to book a reservation, but you end up calling a "service" that'll cost 9.95/mo if you hit the wrong button.  They're using my brand to try to scam you... not cool to say the least. Always use the "call hotel directly" button and not other numbers to be safe. 

Bottom line: It's a cool app to learn about hotels but you will be safer and always get a better deal if you call or book on our website (and it's likely the same for all hotels).  I'd use the Yelp app first.
Hotels, Flights, Car Rental... it's no problem for Kayak.  This is a must have for the constant traveler.
Simply putting it..!  Nice..easy..and clean to use and understand.
Kayak gets better and better. Much faster than previous versions and very good designed with a love for details. I have status with American Airlines and therefore book my flights mostly with this airline. To my surprise the Kayak search engine finds the best AA flights faster then Americans Website. Good job.
This app makes searching for flights a breeze!  I cannot imagine using any other service, and now they have an app especially for the iPhone!  Rejoice, right?

Wrong.

Although this app makes searching a breeze, you still have to book your flights through mobile safari, which is just a PITA.  I'm not blaming it on Kayak's app that filling in a bunch of form fields on mobile safari is a pain, I'm upset at them for not integrating a way to automatically book a flight through their app (without the need to resort to mobile safari).

Otherwise, the app is good!
It just says uh oh unable to connect. Even if I got wi-fi or full 3G coverage!
This app's functionalities and UI are second to none.  Get it while its free because its the best.  It gets better and better each update to an already flawless app.
No multiple city option?
Fujfj
It's a bit of a memory hog or leaks, and when I want to search flight needs and option where I can choose times not sorting them just and option before searching.
I would only add one feature, find the best flight rates given a date range
BookMe Travel Search app is better in my opinion.
This app ROCKS!!!  I love it!  I am an airline employee, and this is going to come in handy!  I have been using the Kayak site for years, but the iPhone app is the best, hands down!
This app has got to be the best flight search app on the planet. It is even easier than doing it on the Internet with a comptuer. Easily the best app I own, and it's free!!
Just what I needed
What else to say, this app is great.
I have been using Kayak.com for years. The iPhone application does the job very well. The last update fixed some filtering issues and added a very nice flight tracker for free. Can't get better than this.
This App helped me find the exact flight I needed very quickly. Thanks so much Kayak!
Very handy for finding low fares and room rates.  It would help if web pages linked from listings could open within the app, rather than by launching Safari.  Although Kayak helpfully remembers your place, the hopping between apps is awkward.
Awesome app. Please provide a little excuse to buy the paid app and I will.
Thanks for displaying seat assignments and all travelers names on trips now. Stability is great now as well. Thanks!
Very easy to use app, maybe even more so than the web based version. Quickly & easily let's you check many airlines prices, routes, travel times & more. Hotels are easy to find with the use my location feature.
This App is even better than before.  Really can't think of anything I don't like about this app. 
I am not a huge fan of the website so I was somewhat hesitant on the app but it was free so....... it!!! I found an airport nearby that I never even thought to use. This is a must have FREE app if you plan yo book any flights or just looking to plan a trip! Saved me $100 off the bat!
Love this app...fast and easy to use.
A big time saver for researching travelling, vacations. User frendly app& easy to use.
I love this app, it's fast, finds great prices, and has one of the best interfaces of any iPhone app.
I love this app and use it to look for upcoming flights I take for martial arts tournaments. I would love to see it able to do multi destination flights though
This is a well thought out app. Great job.
For a freebee, this is one of the best apps on the market.  It does pretty much everything as advertised.  

But I do have one issue...use of touch slide bars to the set the departure and arrival time parameters.  Touch screen slide bars are just too awkward on a small screen.  In Kayak, for example, the slightest movement of a slide bar could result in hours of change in acceptable time intervals.  

The SouthWest air booking app is far better in doing this function in that it gives just a few intervals for acceptable departure times: before noon, noon to 6pm, after 6pm, and any time.  And that works just fine thank you.  At most, six four-hr intervals over 24 hours, plus anytime, should do it.  You know: 00-04, 04-08, 08-12, 12-16, 16-20, 20-24, anytime.  Get rid of those slide bars.

I understand SouthWest Airlines doesn't want to play, but if you could get them to join in with all the other airlines you cover in Kayak, you would have a real coup over the competition.
Please add multi city lookup. Love Kayak.
Allows you to search flights, hotels, cars, etc. Breaks down flights by price, time, or distance. Wonderful app to have when looking into traveling!
Great app gr8 price$$$$ going some where not with out this app ur not
This is a must-have app for anyone who travels.  I just booked a 3 week vacation complete with flights and car rentals with the amazing help of KAYAK. Try it NOW!!! It's free anyway.
Still crashing even after update. Most unstable when trying to search flights.
No multi-city searches on this version makes me rate this app low on my scale.
Searches all the top travel sites at once to get the best price.
I love this app.  Planned a trip with it and it wa super easy to use.  Much nicer than it's browser based cousin.
If you have ever used kayak then you should have this app. It is awesome!
Exactly what I wanted from Expedia, Travelocity, or Orbitz, but all fell short.  Kayak is the one that came through. Best travel app period... And it's free.
Easy to use, highly recommend!!
I absolutely love this app it is accurate fast and a beautiful UI.   thanks
I really like this app just I flight often to multi destinations and I don't have the ability of booking my flights thru this app. I hope we will have it soon!! Congrats!
Love the app, love the site, works fine anywhere.
This app is cool, but there is a search limit, so no bargain hunters or people getting ideas for prices.
I will never book my travel any other way, couldn't be easier to sort through airfare options! Hotel listings need more photos, other than that, this app is awesome!!!
I loved it before the recent update, and you've taken it to another level. Way to go! I used this a few months ago to book hotel accommodations and it worked wonderfully; this will definitely remain a regular for me.
Kayak keeps adding new features every month or so. Version 2.0 has a lot of new things that are not mentioned on the iTunes page: 
- more currency choices
- "prefer nonstop" option
- "include nearby airports" option
- multiple passengers
- multiple hotel guests
- multiple hotel rooms
- additional filter options

It loaded, however, it never works.  The "K" screen appears, then it faids away.  Absolutly useless!
I have found kayak to be one of the best travel apps out there for comparing flights and hotels. I used the app for a trip to Denver this week and it worked flawlessly. I do wish it had the ability to search using multiple flight segments
Crashes like a hell.
Just perfect for my needs - for free!
If you don't already use Kayak, you are wasting your money. The website offers a few extras that the app does not, such as multiple-leg segments and flex dates, but it's still better than any other travel search apps. Kayak, please add these options so we are website free!
Would be even better if Buzz reflected ticket prices in search month. I've pointed all my friends to this app... It's free, it's easy to use and it works!
The newer version crashes less often than that of six months ago, but I still need multiple city searches and flexible dates before I leave Orbitz. Keep at it!
Huge fan of Kayak, and I used the old version all the time. But I haven't been able to conduct a single search with out it crashing since I "upgraded" to v2.0!! So frustrating!
 
Only giving this particular version three stars. Kayak overall gets a five!'
Keeps saying cannot connect to server
In this app you'll find everything you need to book a flight, hotel, car rental and more !

I've found the best rates here, flight and hotel (it uses booking.com). In march we'll be going to NYC !
Thanks a lot Kaiak !

Most important: this app is free and does not contain ADS ! 
Beautiful.
Roger, Belgium.
Love Kayak, love the app, but please add multi-city flight search (which your website offers and does a great job of). Should not be all that difficult to implement as this app already offers one-way lookups. Will go to 5-star for me when this is added. Thanks and please keep up the excellent work!
I love kayak and this app is very easy and accurate.
A+!!!! APP!!!! Best travel app ever!!!
Great idea. I especially like the Trips feature, but it crashes too much. We need an update!
This is one of the best on the go tools
I wonder if people really know about it or not coz I don't think so
I wish they would add a feature where you can look for a flight/car/hotel package. If they add that I will give it 5 stars. Other than that I love this app. Very easy to use. I've not had any crashing problems. I can't believe this app is free.
This is a really well designed app. It's easy to use and fast (on Wi-fi). As another reviewer noted, the ability to do multiple segments would be nice. But this is a free app after all. They've thrown down the guantlet to Orbitz and the airlines.
I only use Kayak for flights, but I find it lacking even in that. I rarely fly alone, but Kayak gives you no opportunity to specify how many tickets you want in the app. Worse, neither do the companies you actually buy from, when you follow the links from Kayak's app. So I can't actually use the app to purchase anything, only to window-shop. Also, the drag-to-select dates feature is a nice idea but completely fails if you're leaving near the end of the month and returning in the beginning of the next month.

Fix these issues and it'll be a five-star app. But not being able to actually purchase from it is a deal-breaker.
Forget the rest
I'd like to give a more comprehensive review, but this app crashes every time I've tried to use it.
Need to be able to search for multiple flight segments (e.g. Baltimore to Salt Lake to Lexington and back to Baltimore). Almost all my trips are multiple-segment flights. I'd even pay a few bucks for such a thing.
When seaching for a flight it would be better if we could put in criteria before the initial search. Dissappointing
This app is incredibly useful, and the latest update included a great user interface overhaul as well as the ability to track existing trips, and the app is faster than ever now, which addresses my only real complaint about previous versions. Highly recommended!
This is a very useful app. But lately i've been able to find cheaper flights elsewhere. COME ON. step it up!
Too simple, lacks search options. Cannot specify class in airline search, quality or neighborhood in hotel search. For example Mexico city (20 million people, bigger than some countries) returns thousands of results, pointless!!! Too bad because the GUI and speed of search is tops in the field.
Best app for searching travel related info at the moment in the free app side...I used it mainly for searching overseas flights etc, it gave me very competitive pricing...like it and will keep it
How many times do I need to dload the app update?  Either it's not updating or something else is wrong.  Very annoying
I've tried downloading the latest update about a thousand times with no luck.
But it keeps insisting i havent downloaded the update in the app store.
I've tried a lot of other services, but I keep on coming back to Kayak.
Great mobile solution to get flight times/prices on the go.
Very quick and good usability. However I would like the option to share my results
Crashes all the time and I can never get it to find airports so essentially it's useless.
Have used this app several times and i am very pleased with the results.
Worked great for me. Hasn't crashed yet and I love all the filters.
It won't let me search anymore because I exceeded my search allowance. It is not really free because they want you to purchase the apps after you exceeded your search or else, you have to wait I don't know how long before you can search flights again.
But would be nice for option to email results
Could be a great, great app but it just crashes WAY to much. Multiple times when I try to use it. Some searches would make the app crash everytime, making those searches impossible. Fix the crashes and add date ranges for flexible searches and you've got a slam dunk 5 star app!
Why can't I open it up?? I need to use it everyday! Please do something
Just downloaded this app to check some ticket prices and was surprised at  how good the UI was and how well it worked. It also searches fir hotel and car rentals. A must have!!!
I like kayak
useful for unexpected travel! would like to be able to search fares from multiple airports at once...
better the paid app
Crashes sometimes. Would be nice to have flexible dates. Thanks!
This app is great for on the go ticket prices, the only thing I would like to see is the ability to do multi-city flights.
This is a nice app that makes it extremely quick and easy to check the latest fares.
Very fast! And accurate I was able to find a flight quick and easy.
Helps me a lot.Great companion for a traveler like me.
When the app doesn't crash - it's wonderful. I prefer Kayak over the purchased app that I was using to find flights. Too bad I found this after purchasing a flight search app.
Since last update, this app crashes repeatedly, making it unusable.
I've used this app quite a few and it's a HIT keep on ur good work thank you KAYAK
Fast and easy!!
Easy to use, fast, responsive, beats Expedia/Travelocity etc online. Love the Trends feature!
Many functionalities are missing
Glitches, crashes and does not find the cheapest fares.
1.6.1 fixes the icon great. I couldn't stand to look at it before. How about the title Kayak instead of KAYAK to be even more consistent with other apps. At least it doesn't start with lower case. 

Seems pretty stable so far the few times I used it. Look forward to future UI and functionality improvements. For ex some infrequent routes could use some helpful hints such as what days if the week have any flights possible for ex from SFO to BON (I had to read some web articles to figure the
possible days out) 

================

It was a decent app before, a sometimes useful interface to the kayak site. The new app however crashed several times in a row before finally starting up properly. And the icon, as others already pointed out, is woeful to look at - they've decided in the interest of their new "branding" that they will use some rectangular shape that is painfully out of place on the iPhone screen. I do not understand, sympathize, or have any tolerance for vendors who insist on their own crazy, zany icon shapes with no respect for the consistency users value on their iPhone (round or other funky shaped icons with black backgrounds, I'm looking at you also). Deleted and goodbye.
I love travelling and I use this app most of the time.
Fantastic application.  Wonderful   Implementation.  Now that crash bug is fixed in v1.61.  Highly recommend.
As a photographer who is constantly travelling, this app has quickly become a good friend. I've been able to save a few bucks and valuable time using this app; so I highly recommend it to anyone. I would've gladly paid for this service; fortunately it's FREE!!
OMG..It crashes a lot.Fix it please.
Uhh yeah, this app drops me whenever I hit the search button. Automatic Fail. Really, Kayak???
Past versions with bugs and last one crashes on startup.
Just changed my rating because I just read about the 24hr bug. Otherwise works great and comes in very handy on road trips. Not giving it 5 stars because the hotel rates that come up for the same dates, etc. are less on hotels.com
Used to love this product, couldn't give it enough stars. Updated to the newest version, and now it keeps crashing. Correct this problem, and the rating will go back to 5 stars.
I usually travel to different countries,this app helps me alot
Can't search flights. Crashes!
Every time I tend to search for flights, it CRASHES !!!...tried uninstalling and re-installing...still of no use.
Bugs bugs bugs !!! They keep on updating the app but there's always bugs, it keep on crashing!!!!!
I have been using this app to search for flights and it has not let me down until today, when I really needed it, and it updated via the app store to v1.6.  Crashes every time I search for a flight now.  Hopefully the developer will either pull v1.6 or release an update soon to fix this.
Would love to try this app but it crashes every single time I try a flight search. Maybe it's just telling me "don't go to Detroit"?
Every time I hit the search button it crashes shortly after
The last 3 versions have had issues with the "Call to book now" button. Some of them dial out, but a lot do not work. This needs to be fixed! Also, the non-standard icon is kind of weird.
Crashes everytime with the new update.  The new icon is also very ugly.
I don't really travel much, although this app would seem useful to keep on a just-in-case basis. I'm extremely OCD about the icon's dimensions looking awkward compared to the other apps which actually follow standards, so I deleted this. They should probably realize that iPhone owners like their screens neat and well designed, and seriously, as ridiculous as it sounds, the icon was the dealbreaker.
Why does this program do only a few airlines? Southwest and the other larger airlines should be here as well. Add more airlines and this would be 5 stars. The program works flawlessly.
I'm useing the 3.0 beta 5 software and the app worked first time. Perfectly. It worked as well as the website. Showed results before the search was finished. Then finished and updated the results. Was about as fast as the site. But looked sleeker and cooler. This app is worth getting. These people with Internet problems are wrong. It worked perfectly for me. It's as good as the website. But made for your phone.
I absolutely love this app. It's perfect. It's so clean & easy to use. 
Awesome for tracking down flights... only thing missing is the flexible dates option like on their site. Other than that, definitely worth having!
Why mess with design perfection??? The original kayak app icon was so handsome.  The new one blows. I like the app nonetheless, but please get rid of this hideous icon.
I'm a fan of kayak.com but this application doesn't live up to the quality of the parent site. The app crashes more often than not and doesn't seem to handle slow connections well at all. I've had to go back to using Safari to access kayak.com. Most unfortunate since the potential for an app to squeeze more out of a skinny connection is significant.
Konstantly krashes
It has crashed several times.I am going to delete this app
It crashes 50% of the time... Bad, bad, bad!!!
i never used the previous version of this app which others seem to rave about. i would say it is ok to get a general sense of airline prices while you are on the go, but after reading other reviews, i would not book my travel based on results from this app. as noted elsewhere, this app does crash frequently. regarding the icon, it appears the designers didn't make the background behind the "K" different enough from the iphone background, so it looks like the icon has different proportions - not a deal-breaker for me, but it does look odd and i agree that it should be fixed.
9/16/09

Although the new design of the icon is better looking, this app crashes more frequently than the time before I updated this app.
Easy interface. Nice filters and sort. Btw, south west isn't searched because south west doesn't use brokers.
I really like this app... Very hood UI, easy to use and searches international as well as domestic great!! I for one love the logo (as they say... Opinions are like ....) but I do have a suggestion for the developers. Please include a way to search for class of service on flights. Especally on overseas flights, I'm not interested in coach seats. I also noticed that the distances from city center points are not accurate for hotels. In Yountville, CA for example; a hotel in the center of town (Yountville Inn) is listed as 3.46 miles away, which by the way puts it in Napa.  Just one example many mistakes. But, overall, very good tool.
This was a rock-solid and nicely done app - until the last update. Kayak now crashes way too frequently and has become rather annoying. Also, the new icon is U-G-L-Y and looks horribly out of place on the iPhone's home screen. Sounds petty, but it bugs me. I hope they fix both of these problems because it was functionally a decent app.
UI is good.But app doesn't have much helpful features.
This app has a fantastic UI, but unfortunately the information is limited at best. It excludes several major carriers from the list (such as Southwest, which I know services my desired cities).
This app only displayed the first 5 of the hundred flights it searched, so completely worthless. Crashes every other time. Like the website but this app is piece of junk.
I use Kayak reguarly on-line. Just tried the new iPhone app, and it searched well with similar results and no crashing the first few searches. What enhancement I really need is to save or forward search results or individual flights to those who will book them. One more star when that is added.
User frienly and fast. Get the best deal without having to visit many sites!
Consistent crashes when searching international flights.  (delete and reinstall doesnt  fix it.) Interface is very good, and it's quick.  Fix the crashes and it's a 5 star.
Great app, works like a charm
Well worth your time
This app just saved me so much time. And as we all know,  = .
I tried to look for a hotel in NYC and it kept giving me NJ hotels. I tried different names, manhattan, NYC, etc and nothing worked!
I use this for all my traveling needs
Amazing app, can roll out of bed and pick the cheapest airport to fly to for the day, week, or month!
I found this app to be very useful and convenient. It's very user-friendly and does almost everything I wanted it to do. One thing missing from this app is the email to a friend option. It would be great if that was included....please add that option . Otherwise I'm very impressed!
If i wanted to call reservation agents of airline and stay on hold untill god knows when, I would have downloaded the yellow pages... Good app for searching fares but cannot book thus the airlines or other sites simply dis-honor the kayak results and jack up the prices
Crashed constantly. Basic searches result in a crash. I deleted it from iTunes. What a shame.
Remarkable how all the familiar kayak functions are squeezed so beautifully into this app. Well done.
I'm always apprehensive when the one star ratings exceed the five stars. However, I've found that many crash reports are exaggerated, and often resolved with an iTouch/iPhone reset. In any case, nothing of the sort was required in my case. The app fired right up, and I'd comleted my first flight search (returned 484 choices) in less time than it usually takes to log into my PC based travel app. Before receiving SideStep's email, I'd never heard of Kayak.com. Now it will be my favorite travel website, in addition to this app being the only such app on my iTouch.
Newest version just released does not work properly. Searches fine and finds flights, but when it finishes the search, it then does not display any results in the results screen, and then promptly crashes. It did this multiple times. I'm using an iPhone 3G with latest OS. This has a major bug.
Once the crash big is fixed this app could be very useful. Not having to deal with travel sites online is the main advantage.
Provides best prices I could find for hotel and flights. Verified using other travel sites.
why was this released without testing? crashes after a simple flight search ... every time!
Update does not work at all
Update does not work
I use this almost every day to track fares. The interface could use some work to make it more user-friendly, but it gets the job done.
Very well designed app. I haven't had any reported problem such as crashing app.
Great concept but it crashes alot. I actually had to uninstall it and then reinstall it since it kept crashing. Also i think the "cheap," "soon" and whatever the third tab is named are not intuitive and a failed attempt to be cute. It has the potential to be great but not there yet.
I hadn't heard of Kayak.com til I saw this app. When I get it to work it's an amazing app. Does so much with a great search engine and helping you find the flight you want. 

Someone else said it before, they did a search and it showed close to 500 results and said no results found. 

It still crashes occasionally and I reset my iPhone once or twice daily to keep it running smoothly. After the update the crashes are less frequent, hopefully the developers fix these minor bugs because this is an amazing app.
It searches for a flight.....starts to download a list of available ones and then shows "no flights available" and shuts itself off.
Kayak is much better than those other ones ( I'm lookin at you Shatner ). And yes it has crashed once or twice but I suspect all the people giving this app one star really just need to turn their phone off every now and then to free up memory. Personally I think the Internet is just as slow as the app too so no gripe there from me.
This is useless. Period end of story.
This App is awsome! Very smart it looks up all major online ticket prices from orbits to virgin air. It's very fast and no crashes yet.. Really cool and easy to use interface. Plus the price trends graph is the first I every seen and really usefull.
I downloaded the app and did a search and it was showing several different options and prices while the search was progressing but once the search was completed the page said no results found. However, at the bottom of the screen it said showing 464 of 464 results. Too bad! This could be a really good app if it didn't have this bug.
Great app but crashes too often. Work on this and the additional stars are yours!!
The name of my review says it all...Maybe the app should work before it's released...just a thought. Thank goodness it's free.
Needs rental cars too.
All I did was open app and searched for flights BUR to BWI. Saw AA flights then United as search progressed. Once it reached the end of search, all results disappeared and said no flights found. Huh???  Waste of time.
I have only had it for a short period of time, but the app is great for looking up and comparing airfare prices!
Great app, crashes often.  Please fix.
So much easier to use then the actual site if you are flexible and just want to catch a good deal!!! I wish there'd be one including cheaptix and cheapoair... Great job!!! For me it works really fast even on Edge network. Crashes rarely, not more often then any other app.
Good concept and UI.  Poor execution...hopefully next version will be better.
Crashes a lot.  You're better off going online.
I love the Kayak Website, but this app is very slow and unresponsive and crashes continually. Avoid it.
Nice app. Love the site, but this app crashes more than any other app I have.  How did this get through app store review?
I just booked a Christmas flight last week after comparing all the major travel sites but before downloading this app. I could have saved $30-$40 on airfare if I booked today using the Kayak app! It could just be timing and the dynamic nature of air travel, but this app showed cheaper options and seemed to work well.
Crashes the second I get search results.  It is much easier to use the mobile site online.
Not a bad app, they just need to get the crash problem worked out and it's a winner.
Thanks to this app I no longer have to be at my computer surfing continental flexible flights to get a good deal. Kayak is keeping me in the know.
It never crash and works wonderfully every time for me (im 3gs user fyi)
Crashes alot! Better off just going online
The best app I've downloaded so far. It's very useful. One suggestion though:  there shouldn't be a search limit. Other than that, the app is perfect, especially since it's free
Why is it when I search for hotels in New Orleans, LA, it returns with hotels in Greenburg, PA? A place where I have never been to nor searched for on this app or any app in my life?
Been looking every day for weeks to find a lower fare. Was out of the office and decided to check. And there it was. One single seat left. Thanks!
I've used Kayak for years, and now to have this as an app, this is Great...if you travel (flights, hotels, car rental), you WANT this app. Thanks Kayak!!
well written application, great reference, puts most travel information at your fingertips, and it's free.
Amazing app that removes the multiple layers of work when trying to find the best fares.  Love the trend button that lets you see where the best fares are heading. 

Great iPhone user experience!

Get it now that the crashing bug has been fixed!
Love it
I'm running it on a 3gs never crashed once like all these reviews. Come on step your game up and get a 3gs peeps!
App crashed 3 out of 4 searches...
Excellent I'd a paid a few dollars for it. Love it
Nice interface, but frequent crashes impair the app's utility.
Would be a great app if it didn't crash...
Once they fix, and update the crashing problem, this App. will be awesome.
Crashes all the time after every search. Needs an upgrade badly.
App crashes most of the time.  Filters don't respond to touch and the saved results don't refresh and saved data is incorrect.

Purchased iFare Finder to find flghts and that app works great. Well worth the price!  Don't waste the time on this one!
Never worked. It crashes every time. C'mon guys.
Great work!!! Please continue with more upgrade.
I love Kayak on the desktop but this app needs work. It crashes frequently and is missing the "flexible" dates option that makes the desktop version so powerful.
Finding trends in pricing is very cool. Fix the crashing bugs and it is easily 4 stars
Just luv it!!! With my line of work I could have used this a long time agocause the cartel i move stuff for is always changing dates and times, when they get worried that sombody is watching them they change my flight dates
There is no other app that will match this. This is not as good fir features as their website: kayak.com or sidestep.com. But no application is. Good job though!
Great app no issues at all. It's only missing one thing that I can see and that's the ability to search am or pm flight departures.
With recent update very unstable & crashes!  I've uninstalled & reinstalled with no luck.
It's not as developed and extended as the web-based service, but considering that we're on ver 1.5--it's pretty good and eventually will get there after a while. Kayak is one the greatest service online!!!
The website is just awesome but this app is not there yet.  A lot of filtering options and text search options that make the web svc so powerful need to be added. Wanted to get a quote for hyatt in NYC and had to scroll through 700 options only to not find it. Pls keep working on these features
This is a nice application to have while travelling. The only drawback I have seen is that it does not show all airlines. Example, there are two airlines that fly into Valley International Airport in Harlingen, TX. This application only shows one and it's the smaller of the two. Beyond that, it is a good application when you're in a pinch for hotel or flight information - as long as you can live without "all the information". (iPhone 3G)
Decent app. Would be great if you could look up multi-city flights instead of just round trips. Otherwise it's pretty cool.
Used it to book a trip and plan another so far. Slick and easy for flights, haven't tried other features.
Love the look up features and the options for looking for flights. I really like the fact that it shows trends as well for a particular destination. The one thing I didn't like that kept it from all five stars is how the flights are sorted and how combersome it is to go through EVERY flight combo for a destination. It should be sorted better.
Although listings show whether pets are allowed it would be awesome if we could conduct a search for pet friendly hotels instead of having to click one by one. Needs more criteria search options. Please consider for future updates. Wag wag!
The Trends feature of this app shows you the average prices and low prices for a given route - showing you the cheapest time to go! This is the best feature and makes this a must have for me. This is easier to use than their web site...
This app is awesome! Very helpful. Between my "Girl Trip" app (a must have app for all women!!!) and this one I'm all set! Thank u!
Needs to have a function that will search for airports near the chosen airport
Great free app that works as advertised. I've been looking for this type of app for long time. It does more than what I expected. And it is free!
Much bettter than travelocity. Works great!!!
This app is great for searching for flights. It's much easier than going on safari and using airline websites.
If you regularly use Kayak, like I do it's great to show you which airline and itinerary you'd like to choose. Booking is on your own, but it never promised otherwise. Crashes seem fixed on OS 3.0
Very helpful with finding information on flights and hotels. Better than taking the time to logging onto the computer.  It's great that it gives u prices of flights unlike the expedia or travelocity apps. GREAT!!
I've been waiting for this app for a while now. And it's even better than I expected! Sure, there's always room for improvement, but I travel a lot and this app makes finding my flight or hotel so quick and easy! Great job. Great app!
Indeed sometimes this app will hang or crash... but mostly when its having trouble getting to the NET. However, it is so easy and quick to use that I can actually find stuff quicker than going to my MAC and using the WEB site. Coupled with the fact that Kayak is absolutely the best flight and hotel search engine and its hard to fault this app.
Crashes everytime I try to open it.
Brutal.   I tried to book a hotel in Vegas for the weekend.  Waited at least 3-5 minutes, and was finally redirected to a page that was unusable on Orbitz.
downloaded this app months ago and it would never load on my iPod touch. then all the reviews said it crashed more than a commuter jet so I figured I wasn't missing anything. issues fixed now. working well. I like that when it takes u to off the 'site' and to the third parties like orbitz and cheaptickets it doesn't automatically open up their clunky websites but instead gives u am option to call and book right from your phone. smaaaht.
Does a nice job in searching for flights
You can search one way and roundtrip but not multi-journey. Sadly that is mostly the type of trips I take so the app does not serve me much purpose while on the go.
It crashed all the time before the update. I used it to search flights to NYC and hotels in manhattan, and this time it worked smoothly. Little bit buggy but I think this is the only real app that allows you to search flights/hotels in one spot. I gave 1 star for the previous version but now I am much more satisfied with this.
I love kayak - it's the best!
Good functionality, great results.
I got no problems with this app, I have had no crashes or anything like that. Really don't remember if I paid for it an don't feel like going back and seeing If I did. It hasany uses especially for a traveler.
Although the early versions were quite buggy and lacking in features, the latest version is very stable and has a great interface for finding flights. Cabin selection and filtering flights by alliance are still missing, so I can't give it 5 stars yet.  Otherwise, however, FANTASTIC tool... for free!
I would recommend this app to anybody who wants to save on air travel. It's amazing how many flights it finds. Bugs must be fixed, app did not crash on me ;-)
Because, just downloaded it and it works AWESOME. Love this app, especially the trends section. Thanks!
Awesome app helped me a lot in searching for flights
Crashed!! It's a good application, but bugs need to be fixed.
Dropped me a couple of times but for the most part it works great!  
Pretty cool app for free! Does crash frequently though. Would be really cool to have a place to enter ff# on airlines contact page for reference when calling. Looking forward to crash free flight searches!
Crashed often and slow, but when it's functioning it is awesome.
Needs multi city feature
..but when it does, this app provides accurate, low-cost flight info, both international and domestic (U.S.) I've already used it to research my trip to the Ukraine in June and it found me a good flight for only $800 round-trip. Best I was able to find so far. Very good job folks. Beware of other, costlier apps that purport to find you cheaper fares but simply take you to Kayak!! Don't understand why this isn't a top-selling app...
This app has problems, but it does what I expected it to do.
Crash
Come on guys.
Please fix all the crashes. Then it will be a great app.
Very buggy
This has been a great app for me for searching for plane tickets. I don't know why other travel search engines don't have apps for the iPhone.
Great app
Free, sure, but regularly claims there is no internet connection or crashes - even after re-installing,
Does not connect to Internet, crashes frequently, and areas of the app just doesn't work. Don't waste your time until major upgrades are done.
Love Kayak on the web but this app is useless. Constantly get the message "no internet connection", whether on Wifi or 3G, after waiting several seconds with no activity wondering what it is doing. This could/should be a great app. please fix it.
Doesn't connect to the Internet. Waste of time. Fix it!!!
Conceptually it's an awesome app, however in reality it needs a lot of improvement at this point.  App is very buggy and freezes up a lot.
Only worked for about 10 mins. Keeps crashing, great app if it worked.
I revised my rating because the app hasn't crashed on me for awhile.  Now it is absolutely a five star app!!
This application doesn't connect anymore. It displays can't connect to the Internet no matter what every time. It was great when it worked but the application has been down for over a month now.
Worked well for a few weeks and then stopped working.  Could not even search for flights. When you tap on the Kayak app button nothing will open, tap again nothing happens, try again it opens, hit the flights button and the application stops.
When it did work for a few weeks it would not scroll properly and there was no option for nearby airports so you had to redo the flight search for the nearby airports.  
Do not know if you can even purchase anything since it never went that far into the booking process.
Have deleted the app but will reinstall since there may be an update but there have been no notices of updates.
What a shame. Used it once and uninstalled it. Web version returned 100 results, iphone app searches and shows none...
I so wanted to like this however it keeps crashing. The return date won't open, it won't recognize certain airports and it closes for no reason. Please fix this because I love the regular website!
Keeps crashing.
I am not sure why this app does not have a higher rating. It does exacty what it is supposed to. It finds you the cheapest airfares and let's you click off to the merchants site for purchase. I love it!
I typed in a popular airport and it came up with "no results!"
There was a bug. They fixed it. It now works like a charm. 

Uninstall your copy, reinstall it, and Bob's your uncle.
I use Kayak on a regular basis, but only from my computer because the iPhone version does NOT work. Very disapointing!!!
Keeps telling me that I don't have a network connection. But alas, I do. I do!
Crashes alot, very unfortunate.
Great concept. Poor execution. Consistently crashes and fails to recognize wifi connection.
For those of you who reported crashing problem , make sure you restart your iphone often. I have used this app and works great so far.
Just when I thougth I had a way to search for flight on my Iphone I realized that this app does not work at all
It worked once and since then it keeps saying that there is no Internet connection. Isn't that something basic in iPhone apps?
Works, at times then crashes the rest of the time. Great concept app not really that functional.
Love the concept but this app is not up to the Kayak name/website. Wish it was. Removed from my phone until they work out the significant kinks.
Kayak in general is fantastic, however this app leaves much to be desired. It crashes often and when it does "work" it regularly says that there are no flights found, when there are plenty. It could be great, but needs some tweaking.
I found this helpful in comparing airfares to find the best deal
It crashes it wont let me go back to change my retun date and even when it  didnt i couldnt tap on it!!!!!!!! Why oh why should i have wasted money on this??!!??!!??!!!???!!??!!??!!??!!¡
Always crashes. Useless. If it's fixed, also add muli-stop option.
Crashes all the time. Better to just stick to the kayak mobile site.
I have had no problems with Kayak. It is stable for me, even sorting. I would like options for first class.
I use kayak.com all the time, but this application is basically unusuable. Way too many bugs, what a shame. I hope they fix it soon.
Love Kayak on my Desktop, but hate it on iPhone. What's good an awesome search engine such as this if it keeps displaying "no internet conection available" when in fact there is? You had good intentions, but is not worth the effort.
I guess I am the minority, but it works great for me. I do agree there should be more options like business or first class.
Unusable, crashes 9 times out of 10, needs much improvement.
I made site I increased my memory using "free memory" before using this app. based on the reviews I read. I even sit down the phone. 

Fix the app. This should not have been released. The Brand Mamager at Kayak should be cringing as this does not bode well for the brand experience.

It crashed three times when itried to search for airports. Then it kept crashing once I found my flight and was tryi g to get more info. I actually need to book a flight and thought I'd try the app.

Oh well. Hate to say it, but it is no good. Completely unuseable on my 2nd 3G gen 16 gig iPhone.
Mayhaps this app was written with good faith, but seemingly it was by a blarmy tosspot! Praytell, why does thee app crash so idlely? I say to thee now: Fix thine app, and thou shalt be redeemed of thyself!
Crashes every single time I try to use the "filter flights" screen.  Love Kayak, but the app needs some love before I will reinstall it on my iPhone.
A couple times of listed flights and when I selected one and the "no flights found" screen came up, so I searched again and it worked. Good app! Thanks!
Quick and easy!! This is exactly what I've been looking for in a travel app
When it works, I love it, but it rarely works!  I finally deleted it because it was caught on a screen that I couldn't leave without a crash. I'm a software developer and can't imagine releasing such an embarassingly buggy app.
Love Kayak but like everyone says, it just keeps crashing!
Can't keep the app stable enough to even complete one air search.  Even restarted my phone twice.  Why release such poor work?  Doesn't say much for the brand
does not work.... yet maybe version two
I love kayak.com, unfortunately, the flight search doesn't work. Well, I think it works, but the rendering of listing the flights doesn't show up.
Love kayak.com but this app is horrible it crashes constantly! Your better off just going to kayak from safari then wasting time with this
Great app

Works great, can't wait to see what else they come up with.
Best travel prices app so far!
As a frequent road/air traveler I know this app will be superb when the frequent crashes and air search results are momentarily displayed and then hidden by message "No Results found". The hotel search appears to work well and I LOVE the filter! As I said before, the app will rock when the flights are fixed.
Hi, nice app, but crashes frequently. Could be enhanced by eliminating frequent crashes. Thanks kayak.
Big negative: no filter/search by departure time.
Love kayak but this app needs a lot of work.
Fast working app. The site show amenaties of the hotels for quick reference. Would have given it 5 stars if the connection to safari links were active.
And it finally came out. This is an amazing application and I use it all the time!

Highly reccomended.
Was waiting for either kayak or sidestep to release an app.  Has filter fields just like website does.
It's good for now. But it needs some updating. However it's the first try. I'll be looking for the update.
Love integration of phone numbers to book.
Best App. ever for the everyday traveler.  Down loaded it yesterday booked a Hotel today.  I Love the fact that they search Hotels as well as Flights.  Keep up the go work!!
I like that it connects me directly to airlines' sites and phone numbers.
I love Kayak's website.  This is just the app I was looking for!  I only wish it had the flexible dates search (maybe I didn't see it).  I love it!
I have used kayak for years awesome because it searches a lot of other sites for low fares
Very clean and easily usable. Exactly what I would expect from kayak. I imagine it will be very helpful when flights get cancelled.
A map function while viewing hotels needed.
Ability to filter by price range needed.
