The last two days I've been getting an "API error: invalid arguments to string sub" anytime I try to view (just) Reservations on the iPhone app. I deleted it and downloaded it again, but that didn't solve the problem (although that resolved it for my iPad).
Copy (outside of the app) and paste into the app is not allowed.

This is just stupid.

From the rest of the reviews, I suspect this is just the tip of the iceberg.
Not bing maps. Use iPhone or google maps. Also I'm sick of having to log in every time I want to use the app. I'm a platinum elite member and I'm seriously considering switching brands because of this app and how over priced Marriott hotels are. Ihg and hilton both have much better apps.
Limited functionality and poor stability.  Probably one of the worst travel apps that I use.
Works like I would expect.
I agree with other reviewers. While the app isn't worthless, it could use a lot of features that other hotel loyalty programs have - especially passbook support!
It doesn't work. 

When I look for an existing reservation, I receive an "invalid argument" error.  

Since I work in the IT business, perhaps this is retribution for all the bugs in software that I provide to my customers. Tried reporting the problem through the app and got a nearly instant "thanks for reporting a problem however we have determined that no problem exists". 

I wish I could roll back to the prior version that worked.
The reservation review no longer works. Please fix!
A somewhat functional app. The "keep me logged in" feature doesn't do so for more than a day or two at a time, after which you must login again. Needs work.
Hard to believe that a company this size could produce an APP this bad. Hard to use and navigate. They need to learn from other travel companies. The mobile check-in is a complete and utter failure. Tried to use it twice, staff at hotels hopelessly confused. Here is an idea, before launching new tech, train staff.
Reservations review stopped working. Thank god I had my hotel info in an email or I would have been screwed. I use the app to help me schedule my business trips. 
I also hate having to enter my acct# and password in over and over and over and over even after I set the app to remember. 

This app is useless!
While app is ok, the "Remember Me" option doesn't work. So having to sign-in every time makes it less convenient.
I can no longer view my reservations on the app. It just gives me an error since this latest update. Not sure who tested this latest update but it's terrible. Also similar issues as other users report about being unable to stay logged in. Previous versions were better.
Reservations error out and do not display. App is useless as is.
The feature missing the most from this app is the ability to paste a copied password during the login process.
I can no longer access any reservations after the last upgrade. App is useless with this problem
While the app is much better then it use to be, one has to wonder why Marriott is the last major hotel chain to allow you to simply add your rewards card to your passbook.  

SPG has had the ability to add your card to Passbook for over a year, while Hilton added it this year.  Come on Marriott, you can do it.
Having to remember and enter rewards number and password over and over is realty annoying. Worse is giving me a option to allow remembering it that doesn't work. A button just for fun I guess that doesn't actually work.
I do not find it very useful at all.
Pointless and useless
Should be able to search hotel name by city. Also where's the Passbook feature? SPG has a great app, something to learn from?
How can a billion dollar company have such a horrible app? Too many bugs, primitive looking, and search doesn't work properly. Please do a complete redesign!
So far I really can't find much value in this app. I still have to go to the front desk and wait in line.  The desk clerk doesn't know I've done an electronic checkin unless I tell them. I don't see what this app is doing for me. 

Now, if there was a scanner that could read a QR code (like Delta) that would also encode and dispense your room key I would see value in that.  That would eliminate the need to go to the front desk and actually save me time.
Really Marriott. That's all you got? Step up and spend some money to make this app useful. This is embarrassing!
App needs to be completely redesigned.
I use this app all the time...at least weekly and have since they launched it in 2011. Also, many issues listed in other reviews, I can do. Can search near an address, it works with maps, can copy an address, ect.  I don't use passbook so no issue for me there. While I love this app because I travel 80% of the time and am a loyal Rewards member, it needs improvements. I love it to book my hotels on the run, check in, check out, review my account, and review existing reservations. You can do almost anything you can do on the full web site. Usually works great. With the last upgrade Jan 31, I cannot review my existing reservations. I get an API error (whatever that is). Hopefully they will fix it soon and I'll be a happy user once again.
It does work for viewing reservations and making new reservations. As for online check in, I have yet to see the point - it just asks for an arrival time. I think I've seen other apps include some room selection for their online check in. Also, I wish it had some kind of passbook connection for Marriott Rewards or at least had a more useable way for calling customer service / reservations.
Please make it so I can add the reward to passbook.
Has option to stay logged in, but it does not work. 

Cannot copy address for hotel, and does not interface with Maps or Google Maps.
I use a password manager to access this app. I therefore rely on the paste function to enter the password on accessing the app. The latest revision eliminates the paste feature for password entry, rendering the app almost useless because I can't easily access it.

Used to use the app for reservations and to check rewards status, but until the paste functionality is returned to password entry, this app is just a waste of iPhone memory.
Download is slow which makes me wonder what they have in there. Windows are not coordinated, button layout is poor, and it will not stay signed in. You can do better.
It would be nice if after making a reservation, you had an add to calendar feature that would put it into my calendar without me having to add it separately.
Could you please add the option to put your Marriott Rewards card into the Passbook app.  Thank you.
Since the last update, this app has become virtually useless. I can't see my reservations, can make changes and the updates to my rewards balances have slowed to a crawl. I am a Platinum member who is extremely dissatisfied with this last update.
After all this time, still no iPad version??

And what's the point of giving the option to stay logged in, and then NOT remember my password?

For what you charge to stay at your properties, Marriott, you should be ashamed of this app. 

Needs a complete overhaul, now!
This app is way too slow. Doesn't work well. It should also have a way to view rewards point activity.
The app takes too long to load upcoming stays. For an app that is basically the mobile site repackaged, it shouldn't take longer than web. Also the app icon on iPhone 4 is messed up (has gloss and bevel applied on top of gloss manually added)
Cool update with rewards card, but we can no longer see number of nights in reward account. Please fix.
This app is nice if you want to:
+ Check your upcoming reservations
+ Reserve to a saved hotel
+ Call a hotel you've got saved/reserved
+ Check your points balance
+ Cancel a reservation quickly

On the flip side, it:
- Doesn't work in Landscape
- Isn't fitted for an iPad
- Isn't location-aware
- Doesn't always respond to taps when you want to view the back of the card where the phone numbers are

On an only marginally related note, and while it's great that I can tap to call from my phone (handy when driving), it would be great if Marriott could get your IVR to connect my phone number with my account for me so I don't have to try to remember my account number.  I know the ASR vendor, and I KNOW they are capable of that kind of thing.  :)
This app is a wrapper around the website... which is sortof fine, but it isn't as functional as a browser. 

My password is generated and in a pw manager. This app doesn't allow me to stay logged in or allow me to paste my password!!!

I've stopped using it and just use the website now.
I use 1Password to generate random passwords for me and I rely on the paste function to enter those impossible to remember passwords where I need them. 

Not so in this app. 

I tried to paste my reservation number to retrieve a reservation, no can do. 

I don't think this app will stay for long on my iPhone.
Please re-create this app using an up-to-date SDK for Apple devices, or at least higher than iOS 5. The look, feel and functionality of this app is so antiquated that I'd rather just not bother using it. Most iOS devices are now on iOS 7, so please update this app so that it actually feels like something on iOS 7...
Additionally, there should be certain standard features added:
-ability to search near an address
-ability to add upcoming reservations to the Passbook app
The App won't let me log on unless connected the internet - cellular connection won't work. Love the properties but need to book a hotel now so I am booking a Hilton product because the app allows me to.
App doesn't take copy password. App can't check hotels if your not logged in. Ergo useless. Do not load it.
This app should make interacting with Marriott easier. It doesn't.
Why in the world would an app NOT allow pasting into the username and password field on the login screen?!
How bad is this app?  Let me count the ways.

1. Horrible integration with the native maps app, using a nearly worthless Bing plugin.  How about let me click on the address, open Maps and let me navigate to the hotel?   Uh no, we signed some silly deal with Microsoft to fund a low budget development effort so we are going to punish the users.

2.  Never remembers passwords... Unlike every other app, including travel apps, even though the option exists, I have never had it work.  Simply an awful user experience.  The legalese explaining the reason is awful... Again, looks like it just took a short cut with no adult supervision.

3. Has no clue of my favorite hotels, every reservation treats me like it's the first time I've ever stayed on property... At over 100 nights per year, you think it might have some clue of my tendencies.

4. UI is dated and clunky overall.  Low resolution, completion is far ahead of them... Looks like it was designed by IT with no professional design thought whatsoever ever.  I don't expect Jonathan Ive, but really Marriott?  C'mon.

I could go on and on... But in short, a rushed to market, iffy release 1.0 quality app that has had zero investment since initial deployment.  

Thank goodness the properties still know how to treat guests..and understand the value of the experience.  Begins to explain why there are so many property specific Marriott apps in the store.
Just a wrapper around a poorly written mobile web site. In this day and age it is a shame that a leading brand like Marriott spends less money developing an app than a Bread and Breakfast. Even though I am a Marriott Gold Elite I would rate the SPG app 1000 times better (and I have no SPG status - maybe I should switch to them).
Come on marriott ... I spend my hard earned money and time over 100 nights a year and this is the junk you guys come up with for an app??? It crashes, can't check in etc !! Get with the time and check out what your competitors offer
I have sent in suggestions on how to fix this app which seem to be completely ignored. This could be a very helpful app but instead it is worthless.
Crashes. Very disappointed on how difficult it is to use. Going back to Holiday Inn App, much easier for business travelers
What an awesome hotel in every way especially Shirley in the dining room. One of the best ever in my life. She is a big reason that would make us come back again. Kevin made big impression as well.  We can't wait to come back for a special occasion with our extended family for the buffet if Shirley is working. We will call first to check.
Marriott should be ashamed of their app and need to fix it. Let me sign in and stay signed in (major issue). Allow me to paste my password into the sign in page of the app from my password program (major issue). Let us move the Marriott Rewards card into the passbook. FIX YOUR APP!
Wow. The reviews were spot on. What an incompetent software design team. Tried to log on from the log on screen. You can't paste into the member ID field and after using my email address in lieu, got an error stating " ... you must log on to a PC to change your password ..."  Whaaaaaat????!!  I'm removing the app. Useless.
Horrible user experience and it doesn't even work to do mobile check-in! DELETE
Unless you consider nonstop messages about network errors and suggestions to come back later as "working"
:)
It's slow, it's useless, and (like me) it won't be getting much action in 2014. Build a proper app (see your competitions apps for reference) and watch us come flocking back assuming it's not too late....
No ipad support, iPhone app clunky.  In massive need of upgrade --
Clunky interface, lacking basic functionality - embarrassing reflection on Marriott brand.

Not even able to make Rewards bookings....

Disappointed Gold Elite member
This app keeps getting crashed while searching for hotels. It needs a major fix.
Can't cut and paste username or password. Not much more than a web browser interface. Poor execution.
Use apps 100% to book rooms. Will not book another stay at Marriott until this app vastly improves. How does a global top tier company produce such a poor product! In early 2013 Marriott got about 50 nights from me for business travel. In 2014 it will be zero. Don't care about member status if I have to put up with an app that's useless.
Totally unusable.  The basic screens including the different logon screens do not even respond to logon attempts.
Can't even paste the confirmation number to search for your reservation.
Classic case of IT being completely disjointed from the business.  No one cares about mobile check in if the only thing you're doing is telling the hotel what time you will arrive.  That doesn't even work properly since you have to mash the button to increase the time by 15 minute increments instead of just typing out the time.  If you want some level of happiness from mobile check in allow people to select the gold/platinum arrival gift, change rooms, or something that's actually valuable to the customer.

Why are you even trying to roll out something people don't want when plenty of people have commented on wanting to be able to book rewards stays through the app.

Luckily for Marriott, their hotel customer service is vastly better than their mobile app development team.  I wouldn't be a Platinum Premier otherwise...
I love me some Marriott but this app could be improved greatly! Compared to what you can do on marriott.com, the app does hardly anything--especially for marriott rewards members. Booking hotels and looking at your rewards points is about all. It could look much better and allow promotion info, rewards  account details, etc. "Limited functionality but adequate!"
No cut & paste !!?
You would think Marriott would do a better ap than this.
Signing out issue is due to iOS 7. Turn off background app refresh, worked for me. Sounds like everyone is way too picky. The app does it's job if u know how to use your device...
Contrary to all of the other reviews, this is a great app! Very helpful in booking rooms
Fix the bugs!  The app doesn't store password as claimed, no copy/paste!, times-out, crashes, freezes. Lots of potential though.
This used to be an excellent app. I'm a rewards member and used to use it all the time. The app want even open now! Bc of the lack of convenience that this app has, rendering it worthless. I've since booked at least 12 stays in the last 3 months with Hyatt, Hilton  and SPG bc their apps works on the fly and seem to care more about the satisfaction of their rewards members than Marriott does now. I used to be a very loyal customer but it's pretty evident the feeling isn't mutual!! Your lose!!
WAKE UP MARRIOTT!! 
This is 2014, this app is circa 1990!!  This app is an embarrassment, it's obvious that the company isn't making this app issue a priority. BIG MISTAKE. 
As a platinum elite member, my travel plans are a priority and require a "platinum" quality app!!
Gets the job done more or less. Decent interface. But, c'mon Marriott, it's time to get moving on the iPad app. It's not like you don't have the money, right?
I stayed at Marriott hotels more than 90 nights last year and can't figure out why they can't make this app more user friendly and functional....  It should remember my Marriott rewards number and should allow me to sign in without having to guess that I should go the rewards tab to log in each time. App also does not allow you to book rooms with points it forces you to go the the regular web site to do this....
I love Marriott hotels and am a platinum member, however this application needs improvement in the following ways:
1). The app crashes every time I load it. I can't log in, I can't check my reservations, activity, etc.
2). The login feature is archaic. It should be easier to login.
3). The app doesn't let you review past stays or show rewards activity for your account.
4). It would be nice with the mobile check-in if you could actually choose from an available list of rooms.

Please makeover your app. Marriott is a great brand and this app is not on par with everything else I've come to expect from Marriott.
This app is very frustrating!! You cannot book a room using points & it sometimes will not load upcoming reservations...not good for loyal Marriott customers!! With advanced technology like we have, fix this app!!!
Sad but true. I would like to see Marriott take this app and start from scratch.
The app does suffer from most of the short-comings noted by previous reviewers. It is possible to get the app to keep you signed in, but the process isn't intuitive or forgiving. As a card-carrying platinum elite member (and a software developer), I can think of plenty of neat tasks for this app that it doesn't currently support, and none that it currently does support that wouldn't be better addressed by calling the dedicated reservation support line.
Tried to log in. Can’t. App won’t allow copy paste of rewards number or password. Fail. I’m Marriott Platinum - extremely disappointed. I use many apps with no problem.
I just downloaded the app to check in to my reservation tonight. Unfortunately, the app does not appear to work to check in. I put in my reservation # and last name and hit "go" and nothing happens. Not worth downloading in my opinion.
Not wasting time trying to write review a third time, or any more reviews. Needless to say i think this is the worst app ever & apple's app review is the worst review app/site ever
This new update is horrible. Now I have to log in every time and it doesn't remember me....that is when it works!
Please fix bugs.
This application aesthetic and model is 5 years olds.  Fact can support cut and paste on log in drives me nuts. ability to book and use reward point non there.  Suggest to get an external mobile development team ASAP.
This app doesn't work well at all and seems to have gotten worse with updates. Please fix it!
You are losing revenue because of the limited features of your mobile application.
Removing this app same day I installed it. Curious that the app can't pull an existing reservation for modification from MR number with password. Why does is force me to also provide a confirmation number and not alliance pasting into that field?  Waste of time.
None of the buttons work. I've had more useful fart apps. Marriott should be embarrassed this has their name on it.
I downloading the app so I could check in early and that was never made possible. I never got an alert even with my push alert on.
Beautiful hotel, beautiful room. Crazy people surrounding us. People fighting all night long. Never, ever will I stay at another marriott.
Needs to allow you to see what the hotels cost in points. 

Need to be able to shop for marriott items.
1. Cannot book reward stays!!! Let's get with the times Marriott!
2. Invalid argument errors- trying to view current reservations - trying to book reservations - not a very stable version that rolled out. 
3. Stay signed in option/ remember me - does not work - clears user information requiring full login information for each use.
The SPG app is really a lot better than this one, it's more beautiful, convenient and can even add your membership card into passbook. Ok, I should say this app needs more work!
Biggest complaint is you can't stay signed in despite the feature specifically designed to allow that.  Next is the notifications can never be cleared - each new one just adds to the list.  Other than that, mobile checkin and access to account information is good.
Love this app- can make, view or change reservations and access your rewards account. Use it all the time.
I cannot believe Marriott would release something like this. Very buggy - will not load my reservations or show my point balance. Kinda a waste of time. Don't do another release until this is fixed Marriott - you should be ashamed by this piece of junk you provided to your customers.
Just won't work. Try to find hotel &amp; all I get is 'Error' message.
Not a bad app. It does what it says it does, and not much more. But why are there so many different Marriott apps? Just combine them already.

This one does need an update. It needs a retina-display icon, and passbook.
This app feels really cumbersome and outdated. For an example of a remarkable hotel app, take a look at spg. There's passbook integration and it allows you to see points earned in almost real-time. I don't find this app all that helpful and only keep it on my phone in case a hotel in which I spend 4 nights/week does not have my number on file
Easier than the website when on the go.
Easier than the website when on the go.
You think a company as large as Marriott would be able to create an iPad version of an app. Come on, let's get on that please.
I just enrolled. The first use was a bad experience. The app ask you to sign in—I do so—then while inside the app I check the More.. and the Rewards tabs and then go back to my reservations and -puff—my reservation number, and required last name are gone.  i need to reregister if I want to proceed again.Now all this while I’m still connected to the site. Frustrating! And to boot—I  sought out the app to make room check in easier!! The check -in isn’t easy either. Yikes—get someone to really test drive this for us please!!
Always never shut of and I love how you can check ur points
The app works well,but please update the resolution of the app icon. It looks horrible next to other icons that use the retina display resolution.
The app works, most of the time but not always, this is the first issue. Next is that it frequently makes you re-sign in even when you tell it to remember your pswd. Next it uses Bing for its mapping engine (nothing against Bing, but use the default from Apple).  Last, how about an iPad version?  Individual marriott hotels have iPad apps for the hotel, how about for the chain?
I find this to be well done versus some of the reviews I have read. 

Well done Marriott
The app seems to be designed to annoy. It's good now that you can have it remember your id. But you have to check the box each time. Switch the box so that it remembers your id by default, which is inline with every other app ever made in the history of time.

Also, would be nice to see points activity detail, maybe an iPad version.
My App does not open since the last update.

Please fix
Need to have the option of reserving a hotel using my points.
Love this app, I've booked hotels on the road &amp; home. User friendly! I love that I can see the hotel b4 getting there. This app made my FL trip amazing, I changed our hotel on the drive bc the hotel chosen looked cheap for $10 more we stayed across the street from SeaWorld &amp; loved our stay. I have no login problems. I think the login complaint are phone related not app! It's a must have for travelers! Great app!
Definitely feels like the old "app", which was little more than a website built around mobile. Could really do with a total overhaul to bring it into the same class as apps like Starwood's SPG app.
Marriott can, and should do better. The low star ratings are absolutely warranted. The hotels and their staff are held to very high standards, why not their app developers?
This app has been poor for far too long. 

I am disappointed Marriott has not improved the design and stability of this app. I've had it on my phone for at least 2 years and it seems like nothing changes. 

It's essentially a series of buggy mobile web pages,  missing key functionality from the full Marriott website, which with LTE almost as quick to access in safari.

I only keep it as a quick way to retrieve reservation information, but honestly I'm better off with the confirmation email I automatically get when I book.

I'm pretty happy with Marriott hotels and as a platinum member I'm unlikely to change, but it difficult to believe a brand this large would blatantly phone in software like this. Even the icon is low resolution and improperly sized. Traveller's live on mobile. 

It is easily the worst app on my phone, along with the myVerizon app. 

It gets two stars because, it is at least functional, when it doesn't crash.
I could look at an existing registration but couldn't register for the reward program. Email field is required but not visible or expandable.
I'm a ratter loyal Marriott Platinum Elite with lots of stays and points.  This app always logs me out.  Every time I get off an airplane, I need to sign back in.  That's a nuisance for me.  The user interface is fine, but the search is still clunky. They need to get better developers working on the app.
Can see my reservations which is great but the mobile check in is not working - disappointing.
App is slow and clunky. Not very sleek.
This app provides good information about stays, but is kind of clunky and does some odd things, like has it refreshes data. Also, the app sorely needs passbook support.
This app provides good information about stays, but is kind of clunky and does some odd things, like has it refreshes data. Also, the app sorely needs passbook support.
You can currently create or delete a reservation, but not modify an existing one.

Also, even though I've accepted the terms for remaining logged in, it will require me to add my password on most occasions.
Seriously there's a button that asks you if you would like to remain logged in...2 hours after selecting this option I'm having to re-enter my password?  This is so stupid.  Is there ANY testing done on mobile apps anymore?!?
I want to like this app because I love their hotels. Please improve the app by adding passbook support so I can see my rewards card and points like in the SPG app. I will upgrade my rating when it is installed. (And please go the extra mile with the passbook card. Make it comprehensive on the front AND the back.)

Update: Still no Marriott Rewards card in passbook! This app has so much potential given the quality of their hotels. Come on Marriott... SPG and Hyatt are beating you... Hilton might be next!
I experienced the same issue using the stay logged in function. The next time that I tried to login, my information was gone. Who is testing your apps? This is basic functionality.
Won't let me sign on unless I change my online password from a desktop device first. Deleting app.
Need to add the reward card to passbook!
The new update is supposed to allow you to not have to put your password in if you agree, which I've done---several times. Still ends up asking for it. App definitely needs work. Far from acceptable. Other hotel chains are more up to speed than this app.
Totally worthless. Was unable to confirm my reservation for today plus once I signed in , still couldn't do anything. This one's getting deleted RIGHT NOW. What a travesty to foist on customers!!  Not even worth 1 star!
How about finally having a retina icon? Its so blurry.
Preferred marriott customer, love their customer service, but strongly recommend you forget this app until they make major improvements to the user interface. New apps from AmEx, United and others that are used commonly by business travelers run circles around this app. Marriott mobile offerings are stuck in 2007, it's that bad.
Please add passbook for reservations and for the membership card itself.
I never seem to have luck with this app. It is constantly giving me the error message that no hotels are found in the search area, when a Google search in Safari shows otherwise. I downloaded this app to be a time-saver, but it ended up being a time-waster. I give it 2 stars for the Check-in and Saved Hotels features. Please please please improve!!
Cool.  Mobile check in.  Install.  Cannot check in?  Oh...only "some" hotels.  Delete.
Marriott emailed me about this app. Thought, oh, cool, this may make my check in smoother when I arrive early.  Ever try entering an alphanumeric confirmation code with a numeric key pad? Doesn't work too well. So I tried 'Sign in to view reservations'. When it asked for my password, I went out and drilled down into 1Password, copied the password, went back to Marriott and pasted the password, only to be told I had to use a desktop computer to change my password. Great news for traveling members! Did anyone use this app before it was put on iTunes?
This app is very poorly designed, it requires a sign in at almost every page. Very time consuming and doesn't accomplish anything.
This app could be much better if a little more time and effort was put into it.  The basic function of retaining your userid so you don't always have to type it in is missing.  I don't want to always keep it logged on but its either that or type both id and password in every time.
All of a sudden I am having serious issues with this app. Every time I try to look at future reservations or even make a new one, it flashes at the bottom that it's loading for about a minute. Then, it says "invalid argument to gettable". What does that even mean? Am I the only one having this problem? Please fix!
With all the new campaigning I've seen for Marriott recently, where is the ipad version?
Once again, this app shows what Marriott thinks of their customers. They not only don't think outside the box, their customer service is getting worse and so are their hotels. This is my first year as a Hilton Diamond and I must say, I am very impressed.
Marriott is a big, international dog. 
Where is the iPad app?
After how many years, now?
Come on ...
(Gold Elite member)
It's convenient for reserving and researching possible stays. However, its look, the UI even down to the icon and basic functions are clunky. I'll still use it and recommend for making reservations. But there is plenty of room for improvement.
It's obvious that Marriott did not take advantage of any iOS SDK to make this app. It's slow like a website, limited, and doesn't feel like waking into a high standard Marriott property.
This app works great when making reservations and viewing upcoming reservations but you cannot view previous reservations. 
The mobile check-in option is awesome. i check in within the app and just pick up my keys at the from desk. Quick easy and painless. 
The badges on the app are useless. I say this because ill have a badge on the app but when i open the app, there is no message waiting for me or another badge pointing to were i can see why i have a badge in the first place. i also do not have notifications in the drop down notification area. Why did i receive a badge? Who knows.
Wish the app would give you option to see your recent activity and points earned. Also should allow you to search for Marriott promotions. What is with the weird flashing "loading" phrase at the bottom of the screen when you are trying to open up existing reservation? Wait until this app is made stronger before bothering to download.
This app seems like a really bad skin for a mobile website.  It's slow and unattractive.  A little color wouldn't hurt.  I will give it credit for being functional, it's just done in the crudest fashion.
I just tried mobile check-in during a recent trip and it was a great experience. It was great to know my room would be ready before I arrived and they had my key waiting. Great innovation Marriott.
These other reviewers are a bunch of whiners!! Who cares about the icon? Seriously, you need to get a life bro. This app is awesome... its easy to search and book the perfect trip in just a few clicks. Amazing innovation w/ the new check-in feature at over 300 hotels! Def excited to see more cool features like this and hopefully an iPad app soon too.
The new update allows you to remain logged into your rewards account.  However you do get a warning that anyone can access your account via your mobile device if you elect to do so. Here is where my issue lies. Previously you could select for the app to remember your login ID and just add your password. Now, when you log out the app no longer remembers your log in ID (email or rewards #). You have to re enter both which is a complete pain. Now days i have more log in IDs than i can count and most apps remember those for you. Please fix Marriott.  DO NOT DO THIS UPGRADE. WAIT FOR NEXT FIX.
I can't believe there's not a full iPad version of this app. You're missing the boat Marriott - and it's a big boat. All this from a preferred platinum member.
App is fine, but it doesn't download the higher resolution icon. I still have the blurry pre-retina app icon.
App is fine, but it doesn't download the higher resolution icon. I still have the blurry pre-retina app icon.
I should be able to book reward travel. Where is the check box for "use points"?? That's pretty ridiculous for a major chain to not have that app feature.
This app has been attempting to update forever but it's just frozen. Can't even delete it!!!!
My computer remembers my password, so I end up closing the app and pulling out my laptop half the time. Sign of a user-friendly app? Nope. Fix that ish.
What a waste of 0's and 1's. 

Designed by JW himself.
You ought to adapt it for ipad
Dropped rating from 3 to 1 because Marriott has made ZERO progress in improving usability of app. By now it should remember my credentials, show me upcoming reservations, stay history, nights toward rewards, points, etc.  Take a page from the airlines!  Mobile check in is a joke with so few hotels participating.
The grey background makes reading the address when the app is opened very difficult. In addition, for some reason late at night the reservation for that date gets deleted. Not at all useful for business travelers with late arrivals.
Horrible app. Difficult to navigate, limited info available, freezes. It appears Marriott is loosing their class as most times I get a foreign person when attempting to call reservations and inconsistently helpful. May be switching chains.
With as much money as king Marriott has you think they could pony up for a half way decent app.  This is useless. It looks like a clueless exec told a clueless vp "make an app so we don't look like outdated dinosaurs!"  Then provided inadequate funding and oversight to have it function well.  At least they have an iPad version. Oh, wait!  No they don't!
1.  If you mistype your password, the stupid app will force a change on your Marriott password. I hated the app before. Now I want to strangle it. 

2.  What idiot from an IT dungeon decided to force a password every time?  And force you to search for the password screen?  Fix it you knuckleheads.
Ditto they should check out Starwood app.  The designers of this app are overly obsessed with security. Click a wrong button and they make you go to a desktop PC to re-logon. I just want to know the number of nights stayed during the year.  Lame.
Why does a good brand, one that's taken a long time to build up, take a shortcut on lousy software?!? Is this the future of Marriott? Where is J.W. to fix this? The current Marriott management needs to see this IT disaster.
Tired of the extremely poor quality of this app. I routinely get an "invalid" window that pops up stating "to gettable argument" when I try to view upcoming reservations. What is that?  I've not only called Marriott but sent them a screenshot of the window. I'm told its due to having multiple reservations on the same day...check out on the 9th in NY and check in that evening in Chicago. Really? You system can't handle normal travel?  Step it up Marriott. Your app is not reflective of your hotel service. Quite honestly it's pathetic. Support calls need to be handled by people who understand the app!
I just tried to book a room.  First I entered my login and PW, and it told me to go to a computer and change my password to ensure security!!??!  Then when I tried to proceed without logging in, I got all the way through, entered my CC to reserve the room, then it gave am a review screen.  At that point it kicked me back to select a hotel.  No email confirmation, so I had to call the hotel.  They said there was no reservation on file.  What a waste of time!  Marriott, please take this thing out of the App Store until you get it right!
Can't really rate the app because it NEVER installed. Tried repeatedly and it never completed.
Embarrassing app!!  Check in function unwieldy have to keep tapping plus or minus sign over and over to scroll to correct time.  IF you are arriving after midnight you cannot check in with this app -- 12:15 does not exist!  For a hotel company that does such a good job with lodging this app is a corporate embarrassment and should be removed and made right by competent programmers.
Not sure why Marriott bothers having an app if its this bad. It's not user friendly AT ALL and makes me question my Marriott loyalty.
- Can't do online check-in
- Hotel address cannot be copied, and you can only link to Bing directions through a website which are really bad and slow. How about a link to at least open in apple maps?  

I think this can become a much better app, but has a ways to go.
I stay at Marriott hotels quite a bit. Tried this app for a few months and finally deleted it. It is not worth the time, a phone call is quicker.
Maybe my expectations are low but I think this app accomplishes all that I need it to do: check reservations and make reservations. Having to repeatedly sign in to the rewards piece is silly. And the rewards section is sparse. But for on the go reservation info, the app works well!
This app makes me want to switch my rewards to Hilton. Not user friendly and extremely inconvenient to use. I would rather boot up my laptop, drive around until I have wifi and use the website.
This is the worst app ever!! Don't bother wasting your time downloading. Ughhhh.
This is not a good app. I don't even get a choice to use points when making a reservation. If I'm using it wrong, please let me know!
I use Marriott for all my traveling needs but this app adds NO value. Talk to the banking folks to improve this app.
I've stayed at Marriott hotels for awhile now and this app is such a great tool for booking hotels on-the-go. Simple, easy, and convenient... great job Marriott!
Seriously. I can't book Marriott rewards stays via this app. Wow!  Very sad. And talk about a slow app. 

Poor job Marriott.
Does everything I need it too. Only thing I wish is that it didn't time out so quickly and log you out.
So far I have had very few problems with the app using my iPhone. The few problems I've had have caused the cancelation of 2 reservations. Both reservations were booked in months where the 17th was a Monday. I arrived at marriot to be told there was no reservation. i checked my reservation and on both time the current months had bern changed to the following month with the dates being the 17th. One of the reservation left me scrambling to find nights with holiday inn and staywood suites. I did call up customer service and they implied there was nothing wrong with their app. It never occur to me to recheck the confirmation. Now I check and recheck and print copies.
This app is really easy and convenient for booking Marriott hotels. I didn't have any issues booking a hotel, and checking in on the app was great - I received an alert on my phone when our room was ready! Btw, I had 15 other apps open and had to close most of them in order to finish downloading the app.
Trying to complete the install of this version and it failed. Delete and reinstall?
Previously found this useful - current update is still loading, been several days now. Delete! Pity I wanted the points ... Can I change may ways and go back to calling?
This is the worst app on my phone. I love Marriott properties and will stay no where else. Marriott management should fire those responsible and hire some folks that can write an app that works.
What a bad app.  Password?, never wants to update, slow, bulky, not user friendly and hard to navigate.  Plus doesn't work well either, other than that it is great!
This Morning my wife was getting dressed and a couple came in her room while she was getting dressed .. They said oh.. I sorry the room showed it wasn't rented... The manager didn't even come out to help until he was called to the desk by my wife.. They comped the room but that's not the problem... It's a security problem.. A person has a right to safety and security, and privacy when at a hotel .. Ashland Ky.... Be careful when staying there ..
Can't book travel using rewards points
Pretty much the same experience as the mobile site - which is not great
Can't filter list by brand, only sort
Auto fill in fields (ie for cities) are way to small
Would like an option to not show the hotel images on search screen
All in all it is very disappointing.  My expectations from Marriott were much higher.
Now I have to call to make my reservation
I tried to update to the latest version and for over a week it just hangs. Cannot remove or get it to finish updating.
App just sits there "installing" forever and then crashes.
I travel for a living, using good apps makes that a little bit easier. Marriott you are a good company and I would not expect this type of product from you. I hope you get the message "START OVER" I would totally scrap this app and dump the company you are using who developed it! There are many examples of what works in your industry, please do not continue to be the example of what does not.
Please stop waste fully investing the money I am giving you into such a poor app. Navigation, log on, interface are all lousy. Checkout Statwood's app.
Just got an update and now I get an invalid argument prompt.
Since it has been unable to load anytime in the last 20 days can't do a rating.
This app is terrible. It is incredibly glitchy and not user friendly.  Why do I have to enter my password just to review my rewards info? Why can my login not be saved. Marriott needs to model their app after Starwood...they know what going on.
When I'm on the go I don't need to be constantly updating my apps in order to use them. Then have the thing forget all my saved information. I might as well pull out my laptop. -a platinum business traveler.
It's fantastic, I use it all the time! Now that I can book with it, perfect!!
Impossible to log on. Tells me my password is invalid. This happens even when I copy and paste the password they send to me that works just fine through their website.
Add Passbook for the member cards
Installation fails to finish.  Unable to use app.
How can you use something that will not install.  It just spins and spins and then times out.
Travel by definition is mobile.

Travelers need a solid mobile app.

Marriot invest a little in your mobile app and your customers will be happier. 

Many thing you can fix starting with making it a fully native app with offline capabilities.

Fix the login screen so that the button below password s not switch user but submit password.
This used to be a great app, but now I can't book any of my hotel stays. Error says my cc is invalid. Not true. Also used to remember password, not any more.
The latest version continues to give a message that previously stored credit card data is invalid. I wish I had not been so quick to upgrade.
I had, and used the earlier version of this app.  The update doesn't finish installing, so, can't use it.
Nice app.  Lets me book and shop for room without opening the app
I like it. Very nice interface.
Make this native already!
This app is horrible!!!!    I have re-enter my credit card info every time I book, it flashes loading across the bottom like they are ads.   I am sick and tired of this app to the point of moving to a Hilton rewards member !!!!!
All credit cards I've been using now return message saying invalid number
Marriott, 

Please trash this app and completely rebuild it. It's an embarrassment - looks like it was built in the 80's. I was excited to see there was a new version coming out but it's the same crappy app. Go look at Starwood's app and take some notes.

Love,
Frequent Marriott Guest...for now
For a new version (v 2.x to 3.0), no changes and the "Clear User" button is still clumsily located directly under the password field.
One of the changes should be that once a registered user is logged in, a confirmation number, which a person does not always have handy, should not be needed to check reservations.
With the newest version, the search function isn't as easy to use as it used to be, and the app just isn't graphically pleasing to the eye anymore
Disappointed !
The app does exactly what you would expect it to do, and does it well. However, the icon is still not retina sized and looks horrible. 

Is it that much trouble to ask a company like Marriott to pay attention to a small detail?

Update for version 3.0: No change in any of the things I mentioned in my earlier review. Really? Does anyone who developed the app actually use it?
The purpose of this app is to sell hotel rooms. The focus should have been supporting the frequent business traveller that is the heart of their business. Marriott please just copy the SPG app as closely as possible.
I was afraid to use this app because of all the bad reviews. But i decided to give it a try anyways, once I figured out how to maneuver around and stay logged in it works. There are bugs to fix but no as bad as it is made out to be.
Can't see recent Rewards activity.  No way to tell if a stay was credited or not.
This app is not useful at all. It might be better to call Marriott 800 number to find the details then use this app. Beats the whole point of self service concept.
First, disappointed there is no iPad app. Secondly, I wish you could see reward activity on the app, rather than just the balance. Also, I hate how on the Rewards tab the 'Sign In' button is 1/3 the size of the 'clear remembered user' and closer to thr password field than 'sign in'. After I type in my password, my brain looks for the largest button closet to the password field, and that would be the 'clear remembered user' button. And most apps when you type in your password and hit 'done' it submits, but not this app.
Works well. Booked a room with it.
No days of the week when selecting dates=fail. The slow delayed transitions between pages are really lame and annoying. As someone who stays 200  per year I certainly will be sticking to the website.
Won't accept my password, even tho it's the same one emailed to me. I'm a rewards member, and expect a lot more from Marriott than this. I used the app a year ago, before upgrades, and it worked. What's the problem now? It won't remember me, won't accept the password that the online site recognizes, and in general is a PITA to use. Only good for finding rooms, then call hotel directly for reservation.
This app is seriously lacking! There is very little functionality. Come on Marriott! Step up your game.
I really like this app and find it very useful with one suggestion - please change the location of the "clear remembered user" button from underneath the password box. Since it's directly beneath the password box, it seems logical to hit that button next to log in when the log in button is actually down in the corner and hitting that button will obviously reset both the password box AND the rewards number that's saved in but I don't have memorized. Please change the button location!
SPG's app is far better than this "app," if that's what you call it. You'd think Marriott would get this fixed soon given how easy it is to book on the go via one of their competitors. I'd guess they're losing some business. They should try again and start from scratch.
It's a decent app and I can make and view my reservations pretty easily, but I wish there was an option to "Modify" your reservation. Seems like the developers would realize that function would benefit travelers whose plans change.
It's ridiculous - everytime I needed this app, it hasn't worked because I get notified about mandatory updates and updating the app!  It takes 5-10 mins for the process - easier to boot the computer and use the site!
If I am logged in with my Marriott account, why would this app require a confirmation number to check an existing reservation? Considering how many steps someone on a phone must take to find a confirmation #, when it is already on their database, this App is labor-inducing, not labor-saving. I wonder if Starwood's is better?
It's a decent app with usability but it should be easier to use. Also if I select "remember me" then why do I have to sign in each time?! Should be able to see or go into the promotion center and track progress etc.
The icon looks fuzzy and horrible on my iPhone 5. Otherwise, the app works decently.
So was the goal in designing this to make it worse than the first app?  If yes, success was achieved.  Cannot book two different room types for one hotel, visually unappealing, and really hard to navigate.  Someone way over thought this and it shows in the lack of elegance and functionality.  Please fix this for those of us Who use it too often for it to stink.
For making and viewing reservations it's ok. However, it should allow a user to remain signed in and they should change the sign in screen. The app logs you out due to inactivity, so you have to sign in too frequently. Unfortunately the sign in screen is poorly designed. The Clear Remembered User button is large and prominent - too easily hit causing the exact opposite of the intended sign in. The point of a mobile app is to allow access to info quickly and easily, not to sign you out at every opportunity.
It doesn't look visually appealing, but does it need too? My only nit pick is the sign-on screen for your rewards membership. The large button clears your username, yikes! Otherwise, this app does everything you need it to do: Make Reservations, Review rewards. Perfect!!!
As a mobile analyst myself, I was stoked to read that the updates included an improvement to the overall look and feel. Yikes... Big miss. I cannot count how many times I have typed in my password for the rewards section and go to tap the largest, closest, and most prominent button on the screen and ended up clearing the remembered user. The placement is very counter intuitive. Overall, I'd really like to see some higher res UI design, especially in the bottom toolbar and the loading bar. The loading graphic brand many parts of the app just don't look cohesive. I'd expect a lot more from marriott!
Beautiful
Please move the clear remember user icon.  I keep signing myself out instead of in.  Reverse the location of the two buttons.
I booked my reservation via the Marriott website, and got an online confirmation number. I was hoping to use the app to keep my reservation details handy, but the reservation finder in the app only supports numerical reservation numbers, while my online reservation number is alpha-numeric.
As a corporate pilot, we use a lot of airports like Dallas Love Field, DAL.  The search return entries based upon the city of Dallas and references the distance to the city center and not the airport that I am landing at.  Please include references from the airport people are landing at and not just city center.  Thanks.
Not sure what everyone else is talking about, such an easy to use app with no frills which you don't need
Very slow
Best to use the Marriott website.  This app didn't allow me to input dates to check for room availability.  As soon as I input a start date, it changed screens to ask for my reservation number.  Then I couldn't get back to the previous date screens.  It was easier to delete the app and use a browser. The only thing it did adequately was to show what Marriott hotels are in the requested location. I'll try again in a year, if I remember, too see if it works any better. Til then, it's browser time as this isn't worth the memory it takes up.
Never been able to download the App. So who knows if its any good!
It was never great but since version 2 was released I have not been able to log in. It really is a shame because I used to use the app a lot to book the next stay. Now I use their website instead.
I have been using this app for 90% of my hotel reservations. One push dialing for the hotel and it remembers my travel discount code. The only reason it did not get 5 stars is that it is slow and I have to re-enter my password each time I bring the app up. Fix those challenges and it will be perfect.
I'm kind of surprised Marriott actually has the nerve to call this an app. This clearly web-based "app" smells of old-world web tricks like sliding page transitions (the developers mastered sliding pages in—it's a shame they never learned how to slide pages out or any other transition, for that matter). I expect better from a company like Marriott, but why? Even their main web site bumps you back to its home page every time it terminates your session. Clearly they're not good at this.
This is not a very useful app. You cannot even log in to get your reservations. You have to go online to get the res number then enter it. Blaaaaq!
Would be nice to have my reservations, favorite/common hotels, etc.  
oh, and an iPad version would be nice so I could research new hotels and their amenities.
Marriott may be losing it.    The Marriott visa is black and you cannot find it in a black wallet.   This site is equally poor.
Need to add retina support! Even the app icon looks grainy sitting next to other apps. 

You are better off bookmarking the web page than downloading this app. 

Does not keep you logged in after closing.
Marriott, if I had not been a rewards member I would have given up on your app after 2 minutes. Instead I wasted 15 minutes attempting to make it work. Never again. You will drive away business fast with this poorly designed monstrosity.
Has Marriott ever heard or building a native app? Anyone that has used a smartphone in the past 5 years can tell this is just a crappy ported app. Marriott is just tying to be cheap so they don't have to make multiple native apps for each platform, but this app is slow, animations are terrible, and it feels like a freshman CS major coded it. Get your act together Marriott, aren't you a company that has billions in revenue each year?
Has Marriott ever heard or building a native app? Anyone that has used a smartphone in the past 5 years can tell this is just a crappy ported app. Marriott is just tying to be cheap so they don't have to make multiple native apps for each platform, but this app is slow, animations are terrible, and it feels like a freshman CS major coded it. Get your act together Marriott, aren't you a company that has billions in revenue each year?
It Looks like a third party app, it doesn't even have retina support.
I give up. It never stays logged in and it's so slow. Even when I have the time to slog through this app, it doesn't list my previous stays or let me use points to reserve a room. Whoever is in charge of this should be fired. For 2 years I've tried to give Marriott a chance with this app and have updated every time and reinstalled countless times and it never works and has not gotten better. A total embarrassment for Marriott.
You'd think a major firm like Marriott could at least have a separate iPad app instead of this clunky, grainy iPhone only embarrassment. 
They don't. Even some of their individual properties have better apps than the parent company. Use Kayak or something else. Anything else!
Slow. Slow. Slow. Time out. Time out. Time out. Very disappointed from a major hotel chain.  Yet another phonegap app crap.
Best hotel app
This app is awfull! I am a Platinum rewards member and used to use this app all the time. The app does not function. What do I do?
I tried booking hotels, and the app just doesn't work.
Needs a link to maps or google maps.
One thing that is sorely needed is ability to stay logged in. Having to constantly enter your password is troublesome. Future options like location awareness, passbook/notification center integration  and an option to notify hotel of check-in while enroute would be appreciated.
Still no way to redeem rewards points. Useless.
Have just used the app so far to locate a hotel. Cannot find the nearest hotel when traveling by car. Pretty useless without this function.
Seems like every time I try to use this app it says there is a required update and it will not run until I update it. Marriott either needs to stop updating the app or make it so the old version can still work. 

This app also does not do anything you cannot just do on the web site, not much point of an app.
This replaced my perfectly good Marriott App! What are these people thinking? Don't install this piece of trash!
3/15/13: Can't get reservations on new version -- get an error message. So frustrating in so many ways because I still have to sign into the app, plus the calendar appts from the website save to my outlook calendar but do not transfer to my iPhone. So when I need to look up an address to plug into my gps it is always hard to find and annoying when I'm typically tired and just want to get checked in. Please fix this app and your website calendar appts. 

----------------
Bring back "Keep me signed in"
As a frequent traveler I use this app a fare amount to look up my reservations and the addresses of hotels. When I am in a hurry and need to get somewhere there is nothing more frustrating than having to sign into the app every time. You fixed this on a recent update, but now it's gone. Please bring it back!

Also, don't erase reservations on the day of a stay. I often need to go back in for the phone number or address and it's annoying that you current or recent reservation is gone.
Tried to book through the app, but magically my reservation disappeared. Not happy, deleted app.
Needs passbook!!!
the ability to automatically add a reservation to my iOS calendar is a nice touch.
Please update with the ability to book a reservation using reward points. Thanks
The Marriott iOS app isn’t perfect, but it gets a lot of the job done, but there’s one UI feature that trips me up all the time:

Move the “Clear Remembered User” button on the login screen for rewards members!!

I can’t even complete my login without pressing “done” on the keyboard and mentally punishing myself so I don’t habitually press the HUGE BLUE BUTTON in the place where the “submit/go” button should be.
I enjoyed the app initially. It hasn't worked since the last update a month ago. I contacted Marriott and gave them the errors on two occasions. Still no fix.
Was hoping for more out of this app. It's in desperate need of a redesign. The button beneath the space for rewards password says "Clear remembered user" instead of "sign on", which is incredibly unintuitive and if not careful, can cause much annoyance. Please also add Passbook capability.

The whole app in general is ugly.
The brighter interface is much better and i love that I can add my reservations to my calendar.  And the ability to search without dates is AWESOME.  So nice that I can just browse a city and see what's available.
Three years after the retina iPhone came out, Marriott releases its big 2.0 overhaul...without retina graphics. No passbook integration. You're basically using a mobile site but somehow they managed to kill usability.
The calendar done box is blocked by the lower task bar preventing the dates to be set! Call on the phone instead.
I love this app and use it every time I'm traveling. As is, excellent mobile tool for people on the move. Great for pulling up confirmations, phone numbers, and maps, please add to Passbook ASAP. Link maps should default to Apple maps; give the options to use in either Bing or Google. Add ability to book stays with reward points.
Almost every time I try to pull up my acct and reservation, I have to reenter my acct number- even though I have it set to save. Very annoying since I have a road trip planned and thought this would help save time. Also have to reenter credit card for reservations.

Not useful, annoying, except for searching hotels...and in the new "update", I try to search for hotels near me and just get error messages
As a Marriott rewards member- once again the design improvement went backwards

No where can you view  "activity" or stay history - points earned - promotions

Maybe I should switch to Hiton
Very limited capability and small pictures.  I like that it isn't so dark but really it seems the same or worse.
Honestly, the design of this app is so terrible I'd rather fire up my laptop to make a reservation over using this app that's already opened.
Never had a problem! Works fine! I haven't use it after the update tho!
Does not work. Keeps crashing. When it does work, it's not very refined. I've seen much better apps from other hotel chains. I would expect better from Marriott.
Can't choose a city.
Can't book anything. Gives you range error
The latest update destroyed the functionality. I can't do anything with the "gettable" bug popping up everywhere. Worthless while this bug exists.
Used to be great. Getting errors all over the place. Please fix.
These blue and white colors are ridiculous! They honestly make me not want to use the app. In my opinion it is still the best hotel app out there but come on!
Still uses Bing maps for directions. Bing maps are garbage. They need to update the app to use Apple's built in Maps app.
After update I cannot view my upcoming reservations. It says "Invalid Argument To Gettable". What's that all about? Also, still no ability to use rewards points for rooms in the app? Come on guys.
Why would I use this over the website?   Zero passbook support and no iPad version!  :P
Love the ability to search without dates and to add reservations to my calendar
The only thing missing is the ability to make reservations using Marriott rewards points. Add this feature to be the best travel app!!!!!
Would like to add my rewards card to passbook.
Just got the v2 update. Tab graphics still aren't retina and aren't intuitive. Still very poor design overall (please see the SPG app as a great example, even though I stay at Marriotts). It also won't let me login into my account, complaining of some connection loss, which isn't the case.  Also, why isn't there Passbook support yet?  The SPG app is awesome - well designed, and loads a Passbook card with your current points, upcoming stays, etc.  Very well done.  Marriott needs to take a look at the Starwood app and take notes.  I've got Lifetime Platinum status will Marriott... please, please hire an app development company that cares about your brand.
When I saw that this app went to version 2.0 I was very hopeful that Marriott had finally gotten serious about doing a legitimate native iOS application. Sadly I was wrong. Ditch whatever company you're outsourcing this app to and go with a real development team. We're all sick of the confusing slide animations and confusing interface. It was junk before, and its just "spruced up" junk now.

This "app" is just a thinly veiled version of their mobile website... but somehow even worse (useless, annoying and odd animations just tossed in give it the feel of the mobile site mashed up with a 12 year old's PowerPoint presentation).

Oh yeah, and Bing maps? Seriously? Have you even attempted to use it on the iPhone? It's really hard, and because of the way its completely not integrated, I can't even copy and paste the hotel address into a native app for directions so I'm stuck going and searching in apple maps or google maps for hotels by the same name in the same city and checking the address so I can get turn by turn directions there.

Meanwhile, competitors like holiday inn have very well done apps that are actually native iPhone apps, not just some janky wrapper around a poorly done mobile web interface.

Get serious and fix it Marriott.
Passbook integration would be a great addition. Otherwise, this is a fine app with easy access to every feature I need, especially ones that allow me to research properties, locations, dates, etc. No problems at all. My guess is that previous reviewers were bot using the current app version out now.
You guys should add passbook support for hotel reservations and my rewards card like spg (starwoods) is doing. Also you app is horribly designed you should look at the starwoods app and change the design in your app.
Added this app to make travel easier. Can't figure out how to use reward points to book so back to the web for me.
Doesn't seem to have location service nor does it allow searching by airport location. I used it to book a hotel near MIA and it sent me to a hotel miles from the airport. Need to get location searching.
The pictures they show of the app are inaccurate. You can't actually get room pictures or of the property in the app (the website of course has this). The search function is abysmal. Basically Marriott has all the data to make this a great app and just didn't try. At all.
Where is the function to add the membership card to Passbook on Apple operating systems?????
App works stellar on my Iphone 5. Has not crashed a single time! Reserving a room was a breeze and had all the same options the full website offers. Only thing I haven't tried yet to see is if you can use reward points to reserve a room.
I never had any major issues with this app. What I want, I get!
App is useless to me if I can't use it to make rewards reservations. If there's a way to do that I certainly can't figure it out.  I've been Platinum or Gold for 15 years and I'm disappointed that Marriott would put their name on this piece of crap.
I stay 75 nights in 2012 and used the app numerous times to help in booking, locating, calling, etc. I also used to make reservations an often for Rewards nights. The latest updates have made it much harder to reserve Rewards nights using this app. That's my issue. I stay at Marriott a lot to pool my nights and this diminishes the value of my membership.
What is Marriott thinking???  As a frequent "Platinum" status member (have been for years), I am extremely disappointed with this awful and frequent crashing App.  Talk about a complete waste of time to use.  I'm surprised corporate has not flagged this App as it is really tarnishing the Marriott brand!  Prior to installing I thought to myself as I read reviews, okay there are some complainers out there, wow was I wrong.  You are all CORRECT!  Marriott please throw this one out and re-design. 
Thank You,
Concerned Guest
Why is the clear user option the first option instead of the login button?   I'm the only one that uses this phone and this app.  The login button should be the first option like every other app out there.  This is a terrible layout.
The one and only app that hangs up on my iPhone, permanently stuck in the upgrade queue with no response.
Awesome apps!!
This is downright rotten. The person who wrote it should be fired
While attempting to view upcoming reservations I get prompts like "invalid argument" and even more obscure "to gettable" (sic). Unbelievable Marriott does not provide management oversight with this third party app...
It crashes every time I try a search. Simply doesn't work. I'd like it if it did. But it doesn't.
App is slow and not user friendly. Having to sign in indicates Marriott is wrapping the app around its useless mobile site. Can't view all hotel info like point category. Directions to hotel are difficult to transfer to map app. Hotel search results are very clunky, especially when viewing additional results. SPG app isn't great, but in comparison to Marriott app, it is a superstar.
Minimal usability and limited features.
Marriott obvious outsourced this APP to someone who could care less about the Marriott brand. It's so buggy and looks horrible. I'm an Elite member and would love to use a good APP, this is far from usable.

I could give you a list of 15-20 things to change to make it great. It's been so low rated for do long with no major fixes it just confirms Marriott could care less.
Marriott is way behind on their apps. No change or significant updates since the apps inception.  Interface is clumsy and visually poor.
All good except no ability to add stays to calendar and it doesn't remember your login credentials for a rewards account.
It works ill give it that. It's just clunky and poorly planned. If it was stilted like the delta app I would like it more simple and clean. Also I don't like having to enter my password to check my points. And when you type the password the keyboard blocks the done button I wasn't paying attention and hit the clear out user (which is the closest button to the password box) that doesn't make any sense to me. This app needs to be reworked from scratch.
Tried to search an existing reservation but it only allowed entry of numbers for the reservation number but my reservation number from them includes letters.  So what do u do?
Marriott is asking to lose business if they believe this is up to date. The only thing this app allows is for you to make a reservation, and even that is difficult. 

Time to invest in a couple developers instead of holiday decorations.
Same all I get is an error
The app is slow and does not offer the benefits of other travel apps like SPG. Why can't I view rewards account activity? Why do I have to enter my password every time?
Why would anyone want to have clear member info as their first choice when trying to sign in to confirm a reservation.  This is a very backwards design flaw that I hope is fixed in this addition.  
I miss the very first Marriott app- that one worked just fine.
Just won't work. Try to find hotel & all I get is 'Error' message.
Basic functions are fine...but there is no good reason to be using Microsoft maps in this app.
Still want iPad version with rewards info as well.
Crashes often. Can't view current reservations. "Invalid Argument to Getable". No Good.
Marriott is a great brand but needs to focus attention on this app.  It has too many bugs to be truly usable.  They are too big and too good of a hotel chain to not have a better and more usable app.
Love it!
I've had this app for nearly a year, and the bugs keep it from being of any use. It locks up, requires you to login constantly, randomly cancels your reservations, and has a very limited range of hotels it searches based on proximity to the chosen city! Don't waste your time on this useless app..just use the Marriott website.
Overall, app works as described but its still VERY slow and visually not very appealing. Highly suggest taking a page from SPG and hiring professionals.
Frequent traveler (75-100 nights/year) and think this app gets the job done but having to log in just about every time I start the app is annoying. If anything it makes it less secure because I opt for the minimum password requirements. The graphics are a bit dated but honestly that doesn't matter to me. Fix login and would be higher rating.
And after spending 5 minutes playing with it I can tell you it's just as good as Starwood. It even supports iPhone 5!  Would give it a higher ranking if it had passbook. But as of now Starwood doesn't even have that feature.
It keep crashing!! Aaarrgg! Need to develop an ipad version, don't be cheap!
LOL @ an 11 billion dollar company that's too cheap to develop an iPad version.
This app used to be awesome until they started requiring logging in all the time. As someone who stays at hotels more than 100 nights a year this becomes seriously annoying. Fix this and I'll upgrade my rating.
App does not work well most of the time. Auto complete removes some information that the app needs for searching. Marriott phoned it in on a featureless app with poor search and no reason not to use something else. That's what I will do.
Since the last update, this app is so annoying I have abandoned it.  You have to continuously enter your password into the app - which is annoying in itself, but on top of that, after you enter it, you have to scroll down and hit a small button to enter it.  The button closest to where you enter your password actually clears the user data so you have to re-enter everything.  Seriously, what sadist came up with this new interface?  In addition, the app runs much slower now, an seems to have issues connecting at times. 

This app used to be my go to for making hotel bookings and changes.  But since the last update, I have found it to be unusable.  If you haven't updated, don't.  If you haven't installed, skip the frustration until they fix these issues.
ONE OF THE WORST APPS I'VE EVER EXPERIENCED! IT'S AS SLOW AS A SNAIL AND IS NOT CALIBRATED RIGHT!!!
Good, but needs Passbook capability
Love the overall features of this app. Particularly appreciate being able to call the property right from the app. But why is it necessary to logout after 20 minutes? Why can't the password be cached as so many other apps do? Extremely frustrating when quickly trying to lookup my itinerary.
This is a decent app that works the way it says and should. Would be great and five star worthy with a new UI and passport capabilities for my rewards card.
I am a employee of Marriott and this app is so easy to use when booking my employee rate discount. Luv it
a lot if spoiled 30-something's "want more" . . . . . a product of their upbringing . . . . . . glad I won't be around in 20 years . . . . . .
Love the app. Very easy to use and convent. The only thing I would ask for is that when you book a room that you can add the right discount to your account. I travel a lot for business and the front desk has to do it for me.
It's a cool app, but doesn't seem to want to update. It just sits in queue in the AppStore. When I select "update" it errors and then does nothing. Pretty frustrating.
I think this app is a must for anybody who travels a lot. No login problems!
Looks good.  I like that I can use various discounts depending on what the purpose of my trip is.  Would like reward payments to be a bit easier.  I'd really like to search on a map for facilities.  I can use a city center but when I'm searching along a highway, it is difficult to impossible. If I. Willing to come to a Marriott property from a distance, then let me search on a map of everything within 10, 20, 40, 50, and 75 miles.
Would like the option to use points to book through the app. Would also like to know how many points each hotel costs. iPhone 4 does not store login password.
There's still no support for Passbook.
The latest update still does not remember login information.
Love this app, I've booked hotels on the road & home. User friendly! I love that I can see the hotel b4 getting there. This app made my FL trip amazing, I changed our hotel on the drive bc the hotel chosen looked cheap for $10 more we stayed across the street from SeaWorld & loved our stay. I have no login problems. I think the login complaint are phone related not app! It's a must have for travelers! Great app!
I had no problems with this app.  I worked flawlessly.  It allowed me to access all account information that I ca access via my laptop.  Nice job.
This app made booking a room so much easier than booking via the website. Very user friendly. Love it!
You can't even stay logged in this app. What a terrible design. Once you key in your password and are ready to hit sign in, it clears the info! The "clear member info" button is where the login should be! This app is terrible!
There are many platinum members out there who could use this app but it is a waste of space on my phone! Sorry! Don't install it
This app is terrible. It doesn't follow good design principles, ignores the Human Interface Guidelines (HIG), doesn't actually book a room even though it gives a success message, and crashes regularly. 

If I were Marriott, I would pull this app and redesign/develop it from the ground up.  In this case, nothing is better than having this rather aggravating app in the AppStore. 

I'm glad I didn't have to pay to install it, and I would recommend to anyone--just use the browser, it will at least book your room correctly.
Having to sign in each time is getting old! Latest update did nothing to improve app. I use the app almost daily as a frequent traveler and the remember me function does not work. 

Also, need to add option to book using points on the app. To do so I have to go online using a computer. 

Please help.......
It's too buggy
This app was great before the last update. Now my reservation shows up cancelled (even though it isn't), and having to log in every time now makes this app just about junk....
"Remember Me"...doesn't. I used to love this app...until now (that I have to log in each and every time).

Also, how about letting us book (through the app) using Rewards points?
I start my trip today so I looked up my reservation with this app and got the message that my reservation was cancelled and it displayed a cancellation number.  In the app I looked up my reservations with my confirmation code and last name.  I also logged into the app with my rewards account and also got the same indication that my reservation was cancelled and it gave the same cancellation number.

I looked up my reservations on the web site and it was not show up as cancelled.  I also called the hotel to make sure their system still has my reservation confirmed and not cancelled.  The hotel still has my reservation confirmed.  Please fix this bug to make this app more reliable.

Regardless of which booking system you use (Marriott.com, Expedia, in my case my company booked by travel), this app should not have shown my reservation as cancelled and show me a cancellation number.  For this reason, I cannot give this app a high rating.  It may be good to look up hotels and get an idea of the room availabilities and room rates.  I just question how reliable it is if it displays the wrong information about a confirmed reservation.
Why am I requires to put my password in every time now. Learn like the other apps and know if we have pass codes! It's a pain when you are in a hurry. App is slow. You can't change reservations either. A Marriott Rewards Card in passbook would be nice too
This app is a waste. Don't bother with it. It rarely works and when it does work, it is terrible.
Please update with iOS 6, Retina display, and iPhone 5 comparability. A good company should not only provide great customer service, but great service tools! I like you Marriott. I want more
I have seen other reviews with the same problem as mine. Looks like a pretty basic function (that you would expect to work flawlessly for a hotel app) is broken. No justification for releasing an app with such bad quality. Does anyone at Marriott actually test this app version before releasing it?
Idk why people are struggling with this app. I work for Marriott and when I need to make a quick booking or check our rates I use this good app.
Shows that two out of theee of my reservations in nov and jan are... Cancelled! Called Marriott and confirmed the reservations are fine. Why would I trust this app. Shame on you Marriott.
Hate signing in every time. No need for the extra security, make it like it was before or I won't use it.
The day you are traveling your reservation disappears from the history and can not be found.  I have double booked several hotels as I couldn't find my current reservation that day!
App is acceptable when it works. The morons can't get it quite right and many updates are "required". This means when traveling, you find you app doesn't work and, especially of overseas, you need to spend expensive data to update the app so you can change reservations. How flipping difficult is it to make updates compatible with previous versions?  I've had this happen to me twice in the past year. You run a GREAT hotel chain but need to fire the morons developing you mobile software.
Yours Truly,
A 10 year Marriott Platinum member
I stay at 100 Marriott's per year and like the chain. But they came late to the app. Business and need to keep improving and adding more feature to resemble the full site more closely....
In version 1.9.4, when viewing an upcoming reservation, the app currently includes the address of the hotel; however there is no ability to copy and paste the hotel address into a different app. Tapping on the address forces the use Bing Maps if you want directions. Please include the ability to copy hotel addresses so that they can be opened in other iPhone applications, for example Navigon GPS, or even Apple Maps, or at the very least the ability to copy and paste into a calendar invite. 

Aside from this extremely annoying problem, the app is excellent and part of my weekly travel routine.
I honestly do not understand the negative reviews. The app allows me to stay logged in, look at my upcoming reservation, and gives me all the information I need. What more could you want?
This app improved ofer the past year. Just when I thought it was going well, they released an update and now it won't save your password. You must login each time. Fix that please!!!!
I stay at Marriott every week and have used this app for months. The latest version makes me log in every time. Hey folks, unless you are a banking app there is no need for draconian security. I would much rather be able to view my bills.
I stay at Marriott every week and have used this app for months. The latest version makes me log in every time. Hey folks, unless you are a banking app there is no need for draconian security. I would much rather be able to view my bills.
For the last few days this app has been hung up/frozen in the middle of the upgrade.  How do I fix this!
Hi there Marriott...

recent update for the iPhone has led to 
 
- existing reservations showing as cancelled on the application, whereas the website shows the reservations correctly; please check that you are pointing all applications to the same reservation system, or, that the replication is consistent.  I certainly do not want to arrive at a hotel to discover a cancelled reservation, or have some hassle due to this avoidable inconsistency.  This should work regardless of the booking origination.

- logon; this feature just does not work as previous.  Already mentioned below.

I was at 5 stars before the update, down to 1 right now, please release a fix, because right now, I would say that the tool is not ready for prime time.
Why not offering a link from hotel address  for a reservation that takes you straight to google maps??? Would make life a lot easier than trying through unfriendly map with your app.., poor design !!!
As someone who spends a large chunk of the year staying at Marriott hotels, I use this app regularly. The fact that I now have to log in every time I access it really bugs me. I use different passwords for all sites, I will never remember my log in for this site, so every time I just want to check one reservation, I have to look up my password.  This app used to be great. Let's fix this and add passbook.
Very dependable and functional app. You can't ask for much more. The new update seems like a step back since you have to re enter your password every time. If someone stole my phone and cracked my pass code, the last thing I'm worried about is them making reservations for me or seeing how many points I have.
The App Store update crashed and froze on my iPhone 4S running the new ios6. Sits for update, says installing, nothing happens. Have closed App Store and rebooted phone. Nothing clears it.
Like another commenter mentioned, I too have a REAL reservation that - in this useless app - shows not just canceled, but also gives an actual cancelation number!!! When I canceled and rebooked, same darn thing. BOTH real reservations were made using Marriott directly.

Fix this app now!
This new update is horrible. Now I have to log in every time and it doesn't remember me....that is when it works!
Please fix bugs.
I use it all the time!
After entering my Marriott confirmation code in and last name, it came back saying "Your reservation has been canceled".  If I go to their website, it come up fine.  

After talking with Marriott on the phone, it failing because I used Expedia for the reservation instead of them.
I use this app to help me plan business travel. I use iPhone and iPad in my work and personal life. I like that I can reserve rooms as well a keep up with my reward points. I would like to request that our Marriott app be made Apple Passbook ready ASAP. Thank you for a really good and great service.
I give it good marks for functionality but  form js really lacking.  I'm a platinum member and I use it a lot.  I also work on my iPad and its really ugly in low res compatibility mode.  I would think a high quality business like Marriott, that pays attention to details, would pay a little more attention to making it more presentable.   If it was truly written for the iPad then I would give it 5 stars.   Come on Marriott.  How hard can it be?
Next update needs to be to "passbook" for iOS 6 users, which will be everybody in the very, very near future! Thanks!
This app is fabulous . Those that rate this app poorly due to update quirks are doing this App injustice.. Marriott hit a HOME RUN with this app.. Keep up the great work Marriott! I remain loyal to Your Brand!
Great app
The app worked perfectly fine before your latest update.  Now I can no longer check my current reservations (error argument sub string).  Would go back to 4 stars if you fix this.  Bad QC to let update go out with broken functionality!
App does a fine job keeping track of all my Marriott reservations and points.
I'm using it to check my tier status and check my upcoming reservations. Does an excellent job for that. Would like to see a "My recent stays" section
When trying to pull up my reservations, I am getting some error message "invalid arguments to string.sub".  Huh,  what does that mean??  Also ive been disappointed that I cant use the app to book a room using points.  Marriott really needs to hire whoever designed and coded the SPG app.  100x better.  The only positive thing is that he Marriott app is better than the Hilton app.
I just wanted to balance out all of the glaringly negative reviews and report that this app is working just fine for me.  I was able to login and verify my Rewards progress, as well as view the details of multiple upcoming reservations.

Not sure why everyone else is having problems, but they're certainly not universal or guaranteed.

If it matters, I installed and used version 1.8.2 of this app, on an iPhone 4S running IOS version 5.1.1.
When I enter a date to book a new reservation, it just sends me to my current reservations. It will not give me the option to book using my Rewards points either. Basically worthless.
Can't even pull up an existing reservation!!!  Fix the bugs please!!!
Seriously slow.  Could not get info. Did better with Internet
Would like to use for both locating hotels and checking on reservations but I get an "invalid argument to string.sub" message.
This app was obviously never tested. Errors when you retrieve reservations under your account.  The only good thing it does is find hotels based on your location.
I have liked the app at about a 3 star level until the latest update.  Currently, we are unable to view upcoming reservations.  Given that the principally utility of the app is that functionality and the ability to make new reservations, I rate it very low until that error is fixed.
As one who travels a lot, I find Marriott's site well below the quality of their hotels. Sad to say, I will delete the app as soon as I am done with this review. Looks like Hilton is the app to use.
The one thing I really wanted this app to do is where it fails. I want to be able to see my upcoming reservations but can't. Guess I'll have to wait for the next release!
The app works when my PC takes all day. Great travel tool.
I get an error that says... Invalid arguments to string.sub. It everything used to be fine before latest update. This error happens every time I try to view my reservations. Makes the app kind of worthless.
Needs tweaks.  Very sluggish
I downloaded this app to check for updates in the reservation. The updated reservation never showed up and the app was SLOW. So I deleted it from mg phone
Seems to load really slow and when searching for a hotel, the app kept crashing.
Can't book a room using points. Waste!
Problem with app can't view your reservations error messages they need to de bug !!!!!!!
Has worked great for making, tracking and canceling reservations. Would be awesome if there was 'find a Marriott near me' function and an option to use reward points when booking.
Please fix
The app needs to be fixed.  It crashes and hangs often and cant handle connection drops.
To the developer of this app I say you need to revisit your work as this app is completely useless at this time. We can't see upcoming  reservation which is in my eyes the most important feature why we use this app besides make new reservations on the go. In brief, I'm very disappointed with the quality of this tool and the fact that many people reported this issue on the review board but nothing has been done to address it ASAP. Please please fix the bugs at least!!!
I can't get it to find any hotel, anywhere, at any time. I use the same search criteria with the Safari version and have no problems.
Update crashed my Marriott app I have been using for over a year.....I had to uninstall original app.  Hopefully, I can get what I had back loaded...that was good enough.
App is decent but frustrating not to allow rewards reservations within app.  Please give the functionality of the website reservation interface!  The rewards module on the app basically just shows points.
Updated app. Returns error when I try to view upcoming reservations. Attempted to make a new reservation, but app reported no hotels available. Logged onto website and was able to find available rooms. Marriott please fix this app!!
Marriott...please give me an iPad app, not just a copy of the iPhone sized display.  Could not use without a stylus due to small display.  I actually prefer the website to this app!
I'm not sure about all of these bad reviews... It is quick and simple when trying to find a hotel. Easy to reserve, review current reservations, and track my Rewards... To see hotels along a route would be nice, but it's not that hard to look at a map and figure it out for myself...
I'm a solid Marriott customer and stay at many hotels per year. I always look for a Marriott on my trips and I wish this app would show Marriott hotels along my planned route. It does not but worse, it shows only a few of the hotels near a location when in fact the Marriott website shows more (if you choose the desktop web version). I'm staying in a competitors hotel as I write this because their app worked much better. I still am loyal to Marriott but this app is a stain on the Marriott quality and needs to be replaced with a decent one ASAP. It is clunky, slow, and not very functional as described above. If Marriott represents quality, this app is a dismal failure.
Clunky and doesn't feel like an app
I down loaded the update now the ap is locked up. Cannot update or delete to start over.
Overall the app is good.  Making and modifying reservations is quick and easy and you can easily add discount codes, filter on your favorite brands, or book with points just like on the web.

But if your account email or password changes the app fails and you must delete the app and reinstall it to update your login settings.
I changed my password online, and now the app is crashed. Fix please
Was great before last update. Now crashes and locks up.
Keeps saying it won't connect and crashing.
Previously loved this app but the June 2012 upgrade is a disaster. Fix the bugs before you release an upgrade! There are 2 places to click on existing Reservations, and yet from both places the app freezes. Have to shut down and re-launch app in order to access any other functions but you still can't access existing reservations. Worked fine before upgrade. Why can't they fix it??? If you have older version of this app, DO NOT UPGRADE until bugs are fixed.
If you were signed in with the app and then change your password for your account, it freezes with the message that your credentials have changed. You can't do anything. Also, why no iPad support? I expect a lot more from Marriott...
Better off just using the mobile site
They are the exact same thing but mobile site loads quicker. The app is just a bookmark to the site
Every time I click to book a reservation the app crashes.
Outside of a decent booking interface, this app leaves much to be desired.  Void of any useful rewards features, and lacking most rewards data - even lacks total qualifying nights stayed.  Add to this a crash now and then and it's back to the full web site until Marriott decides to invest in a decent app designer.  Very disappointing.
The number of stays was one of the features I used most frequently, but now it is inexplicably gone in this "new and improved" version (and can't bring back old one). Please bring it back.
The app is pathetic in every possible sense. It has so many issues. Just to name a few:
1. It searches for rewards number and if it can't find it then it just freezes
2. Can't make reservations using points
3. Search functionality is pathetically slow and limited..

I can go on and on, but I rather just stay at starwood property..
Error message when searching for hotels: invalid argument to gettable
New app locks up on reservation screen. No longer useful. Needs fix now!
This app is pleasant to use and smooth in function. It needs to allow retrieval of reservations by confirmation number. Currently you can only see reservations that have already been put on your rewards account. You can't add reservations to the account.

Would also like the ability to spend my Marriott points in a variety of ways with this app, such as upgrades.
Made reservations via app while on the road and the transaction was never completed. Plus the app does not show my rewards points or the reservation I made...total waste of time! While the interface is pretty it does not work and needs to be fixed as soon as possible.
Horrible app.  Most difficult app to make a hotel reservation. Never seems to complete the transaction.
Booked a room this weekend using using the app. Easy to use, easy to book.
This should have been fixed by now with no code change. Just show it between parenthesis after the "Current balance" in "My Rewards Card".
When I'm traveling or booking reservations for my clients this is the app I use. It remembers my previous search info and is just a convenient app to have when your flight cancels and you need to find the nearest Marriott.
The new update is a mess - I think they failed to test upgrading with prev credentials.
Love Marriott but not so much this version of the app. It worked well until it locked up and nothing I did would unlock it. It has also lost some features from the previous version. Hope to see a fix.
No longer shows you how many nights you need for the next rewards level. Everything else is good though
I have found the Marriott app to be quite helpful especially this updated version
App was great and very useful prior to this update.  I use it mainly for tracking my number of nights and upcoming reservations.  Now the number of nights feature is gone.  What gives?   Previous version:  4 stars.  This version: 2 stars
Please bring back the progress toward the next level, with the # of nights stayed. Thanks for showing upcoming stays/reservations, but pleas add recent stays as well. That way you would know if points total is current or not awarded yet.
It won't let me sign in. Also, please return the feature of showing how many nights stayed this year.. Restore that and fix bugs, before the upgrade this was s fantastic ap that I used every week.
Can't sign in!  Don't download this until they fix it. They always really screw up something in EVERY release. 

DON'T DOWNLOAD THIS UNTIL THEY GET IT RIGHT!
You can no longer see the number of nights that you have stayed at Marriott's.  Please bring this back!
Cool update with rewards card, but we can no longer see number of nights in reward account. Please fix.
I used this app because I am a Marriott platinum member. Watch it, the prices from this app are higher than the web site sometimes. I just booked Virginia beach last night and I saved almost $ 100.00 on a 3 night stay. This app tried to charge me more and changed the price when I tried to book the lower price. Very disappointed with Marriott.
This app NEVER works. I have tried multiple times to access my reservations and it always tells me that it can't connect to the server or it errors out. I have uninstalled and reinstalled it and no improvement.
Essential app.  Lets me find hotels, see all rates, and book with ease.  Great app!!!!  3GS/5.1.1 no crashes or issues with logging in.
App attempts to sign in w/saved credentials.  Get error msg "unexpected system error".  Locked like a safe.
This would be a great app if I could see my reservations!!!
It used to work fine and the upcoming reservation button causes a lock up somebody fix this app it was great once upon a time!
This thing works perfectly. It gets the job done quickly and it is updated with the latest info. It has pictures too and alll Rewards info.
I made reservations before downloading this App, but the reservations don't show up in the App.
If they fix the app so I can view results on a map it would be useful. More advanced search options are necessary as well.
"Unexpected error" every time i try to view my reservations. It was working fine until 05/10
Unexpected error. It won't let me log in anymore since last update. Locks up and won't let me do anything after telling me that my user ID and password are invalid. Needs a bug fix.
I have same problem as ChrisintheCloud posting from 4/11/12. This started 2 days ago.  Every time I try to access my upcoming reservations it now says Unexpected System Error.  It freezes the app after that.  Need a fix.
It does everything I need it to do. It's not flashy, but it does the job.
They seriously need to fix this app. It is not reliable at all. Does not work correctly.
Gets the job done more or less. Decent interface. But, c'mon Marriott, it's time to get moving on the iPad app. It's not like you don't have the money, right?
This app now shows a wildly incorrect number of nights, and gives a system error when I try to view my current reservations. Delete and reinstall doesn't fix the problem. Used to be a good app, but no longer worth the effort to download.
Does everything the website does, with ease.
Helps me keep our travel organized in a single place. Makes booking reservations quick and easy--even from the road!
We know we'll get a quality room at a good price and all of our reservation and confirmation numbers are all one place in this app. Sweet!
The newest version is an amazing upgrade from the older versions.  The improved calendar, saved hotel feature, and excellent picture navigation of this app make it my first stop when hotel "shopping!"
Glitchy, slow, system errors, lacking in features and well, just about useless. That about sums it up =).
It would be nice if after making a reservation, you had an add to calendar feature that would put it into my calendar without me having to add it separately.
Can not understand all the low rating...this App does all your requirements needed...reservations are easy, rewards points access easy, cancel reservations easy and view upcoming reservations easy. Sure the web site is easier to use, but this is a mobile app, I use it weekly and never had a problem...GREAT APP!
I can see my reservations and make new ones, but I can't make reward reservations. Also, the app doesn't keep me logged in. The option to do so is there but it doesn't do anything.
Isn't it one of the most basic rquirements on a mobile app? The option to remember the id is there, but doesnt work. My email id is 30 characters long :( Irritating to type it every time.
Way too many issues. Can't book a reward stay, can't view details of some hotels, slow, etc. etc.
The app looks good but lacks functionality of a lot of the options (cannot view pictures of hotels, for example). Hope it gets better.
Faster than mobile website! Took me 1
minute to cancel 2 reservations. I ❤ MARRIOTT!!
It needs a better icon and improved for retina display.  Also, the app is too slow.  LOVE Marriott, hope to see better like normally expected.
Good luck trying to find transportation information to your hotel from the airport. There's a direct link on google search, but if you click on it with your iPhone, the mobile version takes over and you're done. The app is basically the same. Deleted right away. Complete waste of time.
Updated app to the latest version (2/29/2012) and still can't get a calendar view. Would be nice to have access to the "fact sheets" that are found on Marriott's website.
I am really surprised what a poor app this is such a tremendous company. Very hard to use, very hard to navigate, it doesn't work nearly as well as the website. I would prefer just to have the website pop-up on my phone. Needs huge improvements before I'll use it again.
Awful app and bad support. After downloading the new version as required, every time I log in it tells me to download the update. Even after deleting and reinstalling the app, it still tells me to download the new app. And I cant get in past that. And it's at best not an iPad app. Terrible!
They really should take notes from the SPG app.
Slow. Hard to navigate. Needs full calendar when selecting dates. Needs more options. Keeps logging me out. Not a good app at all for heavy travelers.
I'm trying to make a reservation, but I can't. The app tells me to enter a country, but then it won't let me enter a country. Pathetic!!!
No matter how I refine the search, it won't list a Marriott Courtyard I know exists in Lake Placid, NY.  It's not a new hotel,  it is on their website, has vacancy, etc. What's up with that ?
Not so good
Couldn't believe how easy it was to make a reservation using this app. I'm usually prepared when it comes to travel but had to make a last minute reservation on a road trip because I just didn't know what time we'd be leaving. Made a reservation after looking at a few different properties, called the hotel to confirm we'd be arriving sometime after 2am right from the app and we were on our way. Less than 4 minutes. Couldn't be happier.
For frequent travelers it needs to be able to accept corporate codes.
I'm a Rewards member, and expected more. It feels like an app from three years ago. Clunky search (can't search by hotel name, only city or airport code). Not very elegant. It's functional, but just not as pretty as you'd expect.
What Marriott needs to do is make their app as easy to use / clunk-free as the Starwood app.
1) allow users to stay logged in
2) avoid using the spinwheel for loading status
3) see points activity- past stays, elite bonuses, etc.
4) clean interface
Incredibly slow. Clunky to use - too many clicks to get where you need to go. Won't let you stay logged in no matter how many times you click "keep me signed in". No option to review details on point status or book with points.  Not user friendly. 

I only use this ap in a pinch otherwise I log in via my laptop.
The app is ok. But for rewards members it seems like they would have things like your saved Hotel locations, etc.  I will probably make reservations online rather than using this app.
It is a good search but will not allow you to search and book by rewards points which was the reason I loaded the app.
Good for the basics but if you have this app you're likely a rewards member.. you log in and it still doesn't let you pay with points or redeem free nights
One of the best hotel apps. Easy to book, remembers my reward account and i can find all my bookings at one place.
Not a bad start but this application needs a major overhaul. It's not very useful to me. Should look and feel more like Marriott.com
I couldn't find the hotel phone numbers and the rates are no good. I'll stick to my Expedia app
Easy and functional-my life just got easier.
For a travel app this one has all the capabilities. Use it often.
Works great
Very basic compared to website in particular the rewards section
Easy to use, can pull up my reservations based on my Rewards account. Book, cancel and click to call. Love being able to find a Marriott Near me
Works like I would expect.
Very easy to use.    I like how I can keep track of future reservations.
This app is great for making reservations. I do think that its still evolving and will later be even better! For now, it works for me.
Lots of unlabeled buttons. Not good with VoiceOver
Sweet app, user friendly and quick when booking reservations
Great platform. Well worth the download. Well worth it for frequent travelers and those wanting a lot of flexibility.
Crashes all the time.
Wish it still had more functionality for rewards, etc. however for reservations it works great!
Most people who would use a Marriott app are Marriott rewards members.  Why not include the category number on the list of hotels returned on a search or the search conditions.
It's great to have such easy access to my upcoming trip information! Thx!
Marriott really needs to work on this app.  I'm amazed that it's been released as simple things do not work consistently (such as automating the checkout date to be equal to or greater than the checkin date).  There's no memory of visited hotels, either.  And why can't I easily find the phone number of a reserved hotel?  Marriott customers need an app that works for them and this is a pathetic release and needs some real work.
I was very ecstatic when I saw this app and downloaded it immediately to make a reservation. I picked my hotel and tried to sign in to complete the reservation. For some reason, it won't let me type in the fields so I can't sign into my account. It is very frustrating especially when it starts me over and takes me back to the home screen.

Edit: With time, this app is getting better. I like it and after an update I was able to sign into my acct. I just wish this app was all-inclusive. I still have to go to the site to track my progress for rewards, view old reservations, among other things. Still, it's pretty solid and I prefer to make reservations here than through the site.
I can't set preferences such as pet friendly hotels when searching and it doesn't give me the option to use my Marriott rewards. I wasn't even able to complete a simple reservation, I kept getting an "invalid argument" error. Deleting the app. . .
This is a poor app. I cant stay signed in and it does not pull in existisng reservations even when logged in.  Not very useful. I have deleted
Come on Marriott! Love your hotels but this app needs some work. Love, a platinum member
So I install the app and after starting it up for the first time it tells me that I need to download a required app that takes me back to the same download page.   What a crock right out of the gate.  So I ignore that and login but while I can login it doesn't find ANY of my upcoming reservations.  Epic Fail.  Epic...
The app will allow you to search for hotels, book a room, see your rewards points and nights stayed, but that's where it ends. 
To see what category or tier the hotel is would be nice, and to see how many points it costs. 
Basically, the app needs an upgrade to be entirely useful.
GARBAGE!!!!! Not worth the FREE Price!!! Locks up, won't let you out, slow, and almost useless.
I love this app! I work for Marriott and I'm always staying randomly at our hotels. This app makes it fun, easy, and fast to reserve a room on the go.
I love this app! I work for Marriott and I'm always staying randomly at our hotels. This app makes it fun, easy, and fast to reserve a room on the go.
No days of the week when selecting dates=fail. The slow delayed transitions between pages are really lame and annoying. As someone who stays 200+ per year I certainly will be sticking to the website.
Not that great.... No extra points if u use app to make a reservation.   I still had to get to a PC to get all the details I needed.
I like it better than the site in many ways. I use it weekly to book rooms and track my rewards points.
Worked great in a pinch this morning and able to get a room at the Courtyard Deerfield.  Sometimes can take a bit to download but overall a good handy tool.
Keep me signed in doesn't work.
Like the app very much !
It really is a cumbersome tool - logging in every time you open the app makes you not want to use it.
I would rate the app 4 or 5 if two critical updates were done.  1) they need to add a calendar when selecting dates of stay.  Everyone must open another application to look at a calendar first to see the day of week.  People who travel a lot don't know dates, they know days of week.  Marriott needs to do this ASAP.  2) they need to format for iPad, not just iPhone.  iPad users really need a landscape orientation format.

The app is fast for me, and brought up things quickly.  I'm p,eased overall, but the two above are really needed
Why doesn't this app allow you to input a reservation confirmation number?  The website and mobile site allow this.
I can't figure out how to book a reservation using my reward points.
Their mobile web site is quite good.  This is just that. Don't bother downloading it, just use the web site. 

I HATE apps like this!
Now has remember login option. It was easy to sign in. Easy to find info on current reservations and easy call hotel button... Map feature would make a five,
This app is terrible and doesn't work at all.
Quick and Easy, especially when I need to find a Marriott where I am traveling.
Ok if you know the specific hotel you want to stay in. Consistently won't/can't recognize or find a hotel when you use the finder. They could take a lesson from the priceline app. Especially disappointing since this is the 3rd upgrade...
Bad app. I'm surprised a solid hotel Corp. like Marriott would release such an inferior product. You have to sign in from scratch every time you open the app and the reservations don't display correctly. More frustrating than helpful.
This app is terrible. I booked a room a month in advance using this app. I get to the hotel to find that the hotel didn't even have my reservation, after taking my credit card number and email address. It was a HUGE inconvencie. I had to walk around with my huge luggage trying to find a hotel that would take a last minute reservation.. This app is dissappointing. DO NOT USE it to make a reservation.
Every once in awhile the app hangs up but overall I've been pleased.  Its a simple but useful app for searching and booking.
This app would be great of it kept me logged in.
Yet once again a company releases an app with no support and makes you spend an hour trying to get your account recognized. Sound familiar?  When will companies learn that to have a poor app is worse than no app at all. I stay at Marriott around 100 nights a year and wondered why no app?  After twenty unsuccessful minutes of trying to log in, I called. No option for app support. Then finally hung up while waiting on hold for a supervisor. Funny how it wouldn't recognize my email yet I get daily worthless emails from them to the same address.
Always works. Always remembers credentials. Great for a newly released app. May be my favorite due to reliability.
Mapping to hotel should be linked to google maps.
Providing detailed information about my reservations....fail.   I have 4 reservations, two in the U.S., two in Europe.  When checking to confirm the addresses of my European stays, both pulled up the address of one of my U.S. stays.   Restart, no change. Ineffective app for my purposes.
Looks like Marriott cheaped out & didn't bother building a real app (but packaged up a klunky mobile website as one instead).  The difference is quite obvious.  Very disappointing, from such a prestigious chain.
It took me longer to type this review than book a room. The app is super user friendly and the booking process could not be easier. I will definitely use again in the future.
Doesn't work well for making reservations, viewing reservations, making rewards reservations, or getting basic hotel information.  Disappointing.
This app is convenient, especially since we are Marriott reward members but I would really like the ability to use reward certificates from within the app. Other than that it's great for finding/booking a place to stay.
This app generates login errors continuously and hangs on the reservations screen. I would recommend waiting for a future release.
Still a favorite.
In the "What's New" section for this version (v1.2, and even the last one, v1.1), it claims there is now a calendar view. This does not seem to be the case as I am still seeing those silly wheel things for choosing the date. As I mentioned in a previous review, I don't usually know exactly what date I want to stay. When booking a hotel, I usually only know that I want to stay "next Thursday" or "the first weekend of July" or "the Friday after next", and I generally have no idea what date this is. So, once again: Please, replace those silly wheel things with a CALENDAR!

(FWIW, this is still overall a very, very good app. So glad to see Marriott finally has this app!)
Looks like this is now much more accurate!! Thanks!! Great app
Page turning and obtaining search results are still VERY slow. Please fix on the next update.
Really easy to use!
Useless app. Don't bother downloading it.
Works well. Booked a room with it.
Cannot use the app for all the crashes!

Needs some major tuning!
Easier than the website when on the go.
Works well; full featured!
I just used the app and it not only worked perfectly, it saved me $10 a night per room on my reservations! It was faster and easier to make my reservations on the app than on the website. I'm happy'
Takes ages to start, shows "error" every time I start it. Lost all the data I entered before the crash. Will look for other brands that are hopefully to execute and not waste my time. I'm really disappointed by Marriott.
This app keeps getting crashed while searching for hotels. It needs a major fix.
Tried using location and the app crashed several times. App is slow and ugly.
This App is okay for finding and booking Marriott anywhere. While it does not crash on me, it is rather sluggish. Also, some if the [interactive] behaviours / responses do not make sense.
With the size and revenue of Marriott, they should do better. Someone else said it all: calendar lacks month view, no airport codes, poor "my account" section and MOST OF ALL it crashes almost everyone I use it. I need this app so please make 2.0 with a new technology team.
Someone wasn't thinking. Listing what this app will not do is easier than listing what it does. It won't accept airport codes for locations. The calendar lacks a month view so you can't use it if you only recall "I'll be the on Friday around the 18th." It is cumbersome.
I can never see my reward status, because it crashes every time I click on it.
Hey Marriott, go find who wrote the united airlines app and hire them to do yours...awful...
Loaded on my I Phone, and tested app with excellent results.    Within a minute, found properties and rates I needed.   No big deal with the calendar on app, it was easy and quick to use.   Recommend highly, Thanks Marriott
I really wanted this app to work reliably, but it doesn't. Marriott, you need to do a better job. The app keeps freezing up. Or, it crashes. Definitely some bugs to work out.
I really wanted this app to work reliably, but it doesn't. Marriott, you need to do a better job. The app keeps freezing up. Or, it crashes. Definitely some bugs to work out.
I agree with some reviews and disagree with others.  I agree that it is much easier and faster to call the Platinum line to make a reservation.  I disagree that the app causes the iPhone to crash, as the app has not even locked up on me.  Probably too cumbersome to book a room, but it's great for a quick glance at upcoming reservations, points balance, and other basic info.  Unless Marriott comes up with an app that makes the reservation based on you thinking, "I need to book a room in Atlanta", and "POOF", it's done, this is probably about as good as it needs to be.  Quick, convenient, and simple - well done!!!
Beautiful
I cannot believe Marriott would release something like this. Very buggy - will not load my reservations or show my point balance. Kinda a waste of time. Don't do another release until this is fixed Marriott - you should be ashamed by this piece of junk you provided to your customers.
Accessing rewards status causes an "unexpected error", doesn't remember username and password, which is makes it a little slow to use when you are in a hurry.  Wish it was also an iPad app and could take advantage of the larger screen.
Why would they remove the account info? Worthless and still no suitable calendar! ~ Sad Platinum Member (don't update the app until it's fixed)
Absolutely terrible implementation. Non responsive, buggy, animations are all wrong and slow. Cant copy paste or go to the maps application. Practically unusable.
Every time I try to access my Rewards account info, I get an 'error' message! I've tried to fix the problem by deleting and reloading the app, but to no avail.  This app is pretty worthless, IMHO.
Why is the account information no longer made available? That is so lame. It was useful in the first version. Will I still be able to make cancellations, reservations etc without needing to resort to beign on a PC/laptop or calling up Marriott now that the account information is not available???
Can quickly get to the answers actions I need
Why did you remove the account info?
the hotels might be nice, but this app is anything but. how this app could get high ratings is beyond me. this is highway motel app created by a world
class hotel chain.
No maps, city guide opens in safari, can't find nearby hotels. Wanted to have access to property maps and pictures but they are either hidden somewhere or on the website and not the app. Just a website front door. Not impressed.
This app is a little too slow, but is definitely more comprehensive and useful then using the Marriott Mobile website, and is easier to use on an iPhone then the full Marriott Website. 
My biggest problem with the app is that it uses Bing Maps to show the static locations of Marriott properties instead of linking up to the iPhone's own built-in Google Map app. If Marriott were to link to Google maps, I could actually use the map to not only show a hotels location, but also the directions to that location… which can not be done with the Bing Maps used inside the Marriott app.  Also I noticed when serching for map locations of Marriott properties in Thailand, some of the locations show on the Bing Maps are way off… showing some properties blocks away from their actual locations and sometimes on the wrong streets.  
One other thing I would like to see improved are the Hotel photos in this app. They are too small, and maybe only use 25-45% of the available space on the iPhones screen. Also the photos can not be rotated or zoomed in to see more closely.
I lost 30 minutes of my life trying to get this app to work. Too slow and crashes way to much.
Not sure why so many are rating this so high.  I'm platinum, but I can't do anything with the app.  Crashes frequently, won't let me log in, can't make reservations.  Useless app.  Frequent travelers looking for help should look elsewhere.
In this day and age with a dramatic increase in the use of the IPad for business there is no IPad application!!! The IPhone application is "brain dead" and business people use their computers by preference.  But now with the IPad we are more and more using it.  Come on Marriott - don't leave us with the IPhone app on the IPad.
Pathetic. Absolutely useless.
Terrible terrible app. It runs slow and can't perform basic functions like book a room with my reward points. Waste of time
I wish I could see my rewards activity and book with rewards points! Also needs a calendar view when choosing the date for the reservation. But good app other than that.
Thank you for this app. It could only he better if my connection were faster. Booking now ...
I am glad Marriott finally has an app. I am disappointed that the app stops responding and the phone must be reset to get the app working again. Come on Marriott you can do better. The app looks promising, looking forward to an update ASAP.
A keeper but I also hope in future the selection is by calendar and not by scroll wheel date only.   It helps confirm I'm in the correct month/date when moving fast.
It takes some serious muscle to see the hotel photos. Fix this and you got a great app
App crashes on transition requiring reboot of Phone. As a 200+ night a year Marriott Platinum, it is far easier to call Platinum desk than play with this marginal app. Was excited for it but a major letdown for people who use Marriott as much as I.
I too have this app on my iPhone 4 lock up every time I go to reservations. Must restart iPhone. This needs to be fixed fast.
Love it!
App locks up when trying to go to reservations ... Have to restart phone ... 100+ annual nights in Marriott ... Not Marriott standard
Great updated app
I am glad Marriott finally has an official app that makes hotel reservations so much more simpler! I like that it saves my rewards number and includes most of the options I would look for on the website.
I love it
The app takes too long to load upcoming stays. For an app that is basically the mobile site repackaged, it shouldn't take longer than web. Also the app icon on iPhone 4 is messed up (has gloss and bevel applied on top of gloss manually added)
I work for Marriott and this app is another reason why Marriott is #1
Good first version. Look forward to updates
The app crashes, a waste of my time. Can't tell if I have a reservation after entering all the data.
Believe me, I really want to love this app but I can't even log into my profile. I use marriott.com very heavily so I know my account is good. Without the ability to log in, the app is 100% useless to me.
Sbbdjdjxnxbcnff
I've been waiting for this! It stores your rewards number and is very user friendly. Love it!!
This app has potential. I am disappointed how slow it is.
Great app. Easy and fast. Very good start. I can't wait to see where thus goes.
This app is way too slow. Doesn't work well. It should also have a way to view rewards point activity.
This app is a must for the Marriott traveler!!!
App is really good and easy to do reservations. I like it.
Nice app but the pages transition very slowly. Also, after I put in my rewards info, it doesn't show my full account info. I would need to log in to the full website to see my account details. Why? You can make it so that I can see my full account details if you want to. I realize this is 1.0 so hopefully the update will do better for a multi-billion $, multi-national corporation with very smart people working for it!!
Marriott takes a little more time but they do it right!!!
The navigation of this app is confusing and unnatural. The look and feel is not native. It seems like a poor performing web app packaged into downloaded package.
Been waiting for this app. Only stay at Marriott and already made me a few reservations. EASY to use and LOVE it.  Thanks Marriott!
My only complaint was...what took it so long...
Very excited about the new Marriott app. Can't wait to book my first trip!
Much better than the blackberry app.
Much better than the blackberry app.
:)
All of these reviews are fake and were made by fake accounts.
Nice work Marriott!  Great UI, very easy to navigate and intuitive to use.  Just booked my next vacation using the app and can't wait to use it again!  Keep up the great work.
Been waiting forever for MI to
come out with this Ap !!! Ever
since they went NonSmoking
they've been our only choice
and this will make traveling a
lot easier. Well done folks !!!
Marriott is the best!  Now just stop charging for in-room wifi.
Been waiting on this for a long time. A rewards calendar would be awesome, but even the website doesn't offer that. Lack of option to book with rewards points is lame.
Just downloaded and used for the first time. Marriott does things right. This app works flawlessly on my iPhone 4. Thanks for making it so convenient Marriott.
The app is better than the existing mobile web site, but violates some very basic user interface principles.  For example, when on the reservations tab and touching the rewards tab, there is no immediate indication that anything has happened, and a long wait before the screen actually changes.
Also, the app seems very slow, even on wi-fi.
It took about 2 years too long, but is very useful.
Good app but I work with my iPad a lot and a native app for it would be very helpful.
I think a tear just formed in my eye. Been waiting forever for this app
About time and well worth the wait. Very easy to use and allows you to RSVP quickly. It is what you'd expect from Marriott.
A favorites list would be great
About time!!! I just played around a little. Cant wait till I can use it for real!! I love my Marriotts even more! Keep this app updated with new features to please!
As a frequent traveler, I am incredibly grateful for a Marriott app!  The mobile website just wasn't meeting my needs. It looks easy to use and fairly straightforward.  It looks like it will save my corporate discount and rewards number between visits. These are GREAT features!
I stay only at Marriott hotels and this is a great app for iPhone.  I forgot when I made my reservation and wasn't near a computer so whipped out iPhone and looked it up.  Great picture section.  The city guide option is great!!
This is a good start but the app could
be better. For example, adding favorite or recent hotels to the reservations screen to speed things up. But simple and gets the job done.
Good start. Needs to be able to have a larger search radius. Would be nice to not have to enter in user name and password every-time.
Easy to use and well designed! Thanks.
So easy to book a room at Marriott with this app. Already my favorite place to stay!
Finally! Another reason to LOVE Marriott! Thanks guys.
Great job. Been waiting for this!
This ap is amazing, like oh my god amazing!
This is really a cool app!  It makes it so easy to book and keep track of reservations.
Love the site! So helpful!
Been waiting a long time, can't wait to actually need it.
The app works good, but there needs to be a native app for the iPad.
Finally!!  Thank you, Marriott!
Great app overall.
The app is nice, but two things are lacking. The ability to stay logged into your Rewards account so you have to enter you # every time you book a room or want to look at your rewards account. Basically "Save my sign in" doesn't work. 
Another is to have a regular calendar view as an option to the dates for booking a stay. I book hotels weekly, and usually Mon-Fri (as do most business travelers). I have to pull up my calendar app to find the correct dates to enter on the wheel. 
I would loved to have given this 5 stars, and it is nicely designed, but it is lacking for the users that will use it weekly. If updated, we will modify it to 5 stars.
Live the new app!!  Great job Marriott!!
Finally! Last minute bookings while on the go made easy! Gooooooo Marriott!
Well done and very useful!
Good start on an app and glad to see it but this version is very slow.
So far I have had no problems with this app. I was able to log in and see my rewards and book reservations. Nice job with the app even though it took a while.
Excellent app! Well done Marriott!
We wait this long for the most respected hospitality corporation in the world to put out a web based app? Slow and ineffective for the people who would use it most. Take the time to write a powerful objective c based app, this is half assed at best.
Thank you!! Finally I could make my reservations with my Associate Rate much Faster and anywhere I go... Last minute reservations ;)
I'm a regular Marriott customer and was excited to finally see an iPhone app, but I was quickly let down.  

The app would not log me into my rewards account and would give no reason why I couldn't.  No message at all, just sent me back to the login page.

The reservations page never loads and just hangs the app.  

I try to find a hotel and I get the ever helpful 'System Error' page.  Oh, and what do the little number spinners beneath the date selection controls mean?  There's no label or prompt or anything about to explain what they mean.  

The 'View Full Website' button on the more page takes me to a dead link.  

Maybe Marriott should hire some testers before they ship an app that doesn't work.  I'm giving it one star because there is no way to give it zero stars.
As an avid mobile app user, this was a horrible experience. Likely the result of the platform chosen - 15mb for a hotel app is absurd.

As a platinum reward member, it would be nice to be able to view my account.  When attempting to login it stops and doesn't give me an error or show me my account - just a new, blank login screen.

Even the call customer service buttons are horrible. You'd think clicking a cell would dial the number like any other app, but instead you have to pinpoint the actual number (which is small!).

Good try, but I suggest you head back to the vendor and try again.
This makes booking on the go so easy!!
Thank you from a Marriott employee. :)
I have been waiting for Marriott to release this app for so long. It was worth the wait...great UI, all the features I need and all the reservation info that the full website shows.
I booked my first res in no time at all. When displaying the date wheels, It would have been useful to show the days of the week.
Now I finally have an answer for my guests when they ask about a Marriott App! Very helpful for my guests with the city info included in this app also! Thank You!!
Great app.
Very well done. Only a couple bugs:

1.) the calendar doesn't actually show a calendar. It just brings up the date wheel. 

2.) the checkout date should automatically default to a date that is after the check in date. Currently it defaults to the date the reservation is being made.
Very easy to make reservations.
A must for all travelers especially Rewards members.  I have been waiting two years for this app.  Thank you Marriott.  My only suggestion to the developers is add an advanced search feature in "Find and reserve a hotel".  When I make my reservation on the web site, I usually search by address so I can get the closest hotel to the customer site.
Finally the big guns have come up with an app that will make my life so much easier. Making reservations now on my iPhone is a snap. Thanks Marriott.
Love that the app saves your preferred rate codes!  Look forward to using this often!
Nice app. I am already searching for my next destination. Great job Marriott!!!!
Good app as far as it goes. Would be five stars if it allowed booking using points or at least showed point totals required for a given property.  Otherwise, app is well designed and useful.
It was worth the wait for this great app from Marriott. Very impressive and extremely user friendly. Was able to complete booking in no time at all!  Great job Marriott!
Nearly impossible to book a reservation because you give up in frustration waiting for pages to load. Flipping over to mobile site in safari is 1000% faster
This is an ok app. It will let you see upcoming reservations and your current status. I wish it would let me see any rewards activity.
Very slow & kept locking up. Could see my Reward Points balance but my searches would not how many points were required for hotel stays. Not intuitive. After 15 minutes of frustration, ended up going using my laptop. Hilton's site soooo much bettet!!!!
Extremely slow to load all pages. Sometimes times out when doing a search. Full and mobile sites are much better.
:)))
Love the new app.  Love the features.  Thanks!
Love the Marriott app! Very user friendly and easy to navigate. I like how you can search all brands and how you can sign in with your rewards number to make multiple purchases quick an easy!
About time.....nice job
15mb for a hotel app? Give me a break.
Great job Marriott. Love the app!
Try to look for a hotel in Los Angeles...

The "predictive typing" search tool will find Los Angeles and then tell the user the search criteria isn't complete enough... Try typing in "Los Angeles, CA" same error.

...back to Hilton...
FINALLY!
Long awaited.  Stay in hotel approx 150nights/year, so convenience is everything.  Switched most of my hotel stays over the past 6months to Hilton...since they had an app.  Now, this app offers so much more.
Look no further this is a fantastic app. I love it.
Great app.  Key functionality I need  with a nice look to it.  I love being able to shop all of Marriott's brands through this app or easily book something close by where I am.  Good work Marriott - this is an app I will definitely use.
Love the Marriott app!!! Easy to use and intuitive--just like the website!!!
Thank you for finally providing an app. Is there anyway that you can save your regular hotels in a "favorite" section? I stay at the same 5 hotels each month. 
It would be nice to easily access.
Also look into having a map or directions to the hotel on future upgrades. Similar to what one finds on the Marriott web page.
Best hotel app
Finally Marriott is catching up.  Great job.  Will use all the time.
This app is nice. It allows immediate access to all of Marriott's hotels, across all brands so it is easy to find a suitable hotel no matter where you are. The app itself is clean, works well, and allows for full booking which is nice when you are on the go and need to get a hotel room. I was able to find hotels easily and sort/review them by location, distance, etc. Really handy when you find yourself in an unknown area in need of a last minute hotel room.
Easy to use, nice to look at...figures Marriott would do this so well!
Great app!  No need for full website anymore. Comprehensive, user friendly and convenient. Thanks Marriott!
Great job Marriott. I've been waiting for an app for quite some time and this is absolutely incredible. Good job - you always deliver well. Just shows that you take the time to do things right. Nice work to the team involved in the app's development.
What a great app!  Thank you Marriott for creating an app that's so easy to use. The description of the app is dead on and accurately describes all features. Way to go.
